text,label
"The quantitative effect of the four different property parameters of coal on the cluster analysis of coal category was investigated by grey relational principle in this paper. The results indicated that the relative order of effect of the four parameters from big to small at different weight was always sulfur content, volatile component, ash content and caloric value, respectively; and the verification test proved it to be right. Consequently, the detection accuracy and procession of sulfur content and volatile component of coal samples should be strictly controlled in experimental study and the cluster analysis of coal category.",1
"The C and H conversion of coal during coal pressurized pyrolysis was investigated. It was found that the second pyrolysis of char and tar was enhanced with pressure increasing. At 1 000 ℃, with the increasing of pressure, the char production, and the nC/nH and the C quantity converted to char was increased, but the H quantity converted to char was firstly decreased and then showed no change with increasing pressure. At atmospheric and pressurized pyrolysis, with the increasing of temperature, the char production was decreased, and the nC/nH was increased, and the C quantity and H quantity converted to char was decreased. Comparing with atmospheric pyrolysis, the pressurized pyrolysis showed less decreasing ratio of char production, larger increasing ratio of nC/nH in the temperature range of 650 ℃800 ℃, and so more C was converted to char. It might be dued to the enhancing of second pyrolysis for pressurized pyrolysis. The variation of nC/nH with pressure showed that the ordering of crystalline structure was enhanced under pressure pyrolysis, which would influenced the char reactivity greatly.",0
"The migration of sulfur and the  coal reductive pyrolysis was studied used a fixed-bed reactor. First, coal sample was holding in the quartz reactor undergoing the temperature program pyrolysis. The product was mixed with the purify air and burnt under the high temperature, then be absorpted by the acidic solution for the coulometric titration. Therefore a continuous release curve of sulfur in coal under the reductive pyrolysis was obtained. Experimental results show that the release proportion of sulfur in coal in the atmosphere of H2 was higher than that in the atmosphere of N2, the release proportion of sulfur were 71.9% and 32.8% respectively at the atmosphere of H2 and N2. Mainly reason for the difference each other is caused by: when the temperature is over 500 ℃, H2 can react with sulfur in coal (semi-coke), but the atmosphere of N2 can not further react with the sulfur in coal (semi-coke) at this temperature.",0
"Aspen Plus software is used to simulate a Texaco gasifier of an IGCC demonstration project. By considering incomplete carbon conversion to improve simulation flowsheet and using CPD model to predict production of coal thermal decomposition, the effect of some important operation parameters such as coal concentration of water coal slurry, oxygen/coal ratio, pressure and temperature in coal gasifier on the gasification production has been studied. The results show that within the calculation range, the percentage of main components increases as the coal slurry concentration increases within high coal concentration. And main components tend to be a constant value when temperature is about 1 400 centigrade.",1
"With oxygen and oxygen-steam as gasification medium, the model test of underground gasification of Dayan lignite were conducted. The studies were focused on the influence of oxygen blast and steam/oxygen ratio on the gas composition, gasification stability and rate. In the same time, the mass balance of oxygen-steam gasification process was conducted. The results show that the underground gasification of Dayan lignite has high stability form to use suitable parameters.",1
"Based on process simulation, calculated and analyzed the energy consumption of two kinds of gasification technologies when they are used in synthetic ammonia industry, and indicated that choice and compare of gasification technologies should be in a specified application situation and proper compare scope. The calculated results show that when steam is excessive in reaction condition the oxygen-coal ratio is controlled by ash fusibility, or by carbon conversion ratio. GEGP technology consumes more coal and oxygen per unit hydrogen, and the more consumed coal and oxygen convert to steam in coal gas. More shift reaction occurs in GEGP gasifier and reduces the load of shift unit. GEGP technology consumes less energy per unit hydrogen relative to SCGP technology.",1
"In order to examine the effect of different height of furnace side nozzle upon the distribution of flow field, particle concentration, the 3-D flow field in a new type CWS gasifier at cold state was analyzed using experimentation method, and contrasted this results with numerical simulation results. The optimization distribution was observed with the height 0.9 m far from the furnace top. Experimentation study results and numerical simulation results is very near, attest to the numerical simulation is exact, which can be seen as a guidance for designing and operating of this type gasifier.",0
"Thermal extraction of some low rank coals was studied on thermal extraction device using coal derived liquids. The influences of temperature, residence time, solvent-coal ratio, solvent and coal rank on thermal extraction yield were studied. Furthermore, the deoxidization yield of coal in the process of thermal extraction was investigated as well. The results show that the thermal extraction yield of coal increased from 18.7%(daf) at 340 ℃ to 59.5%(daf) at 430 ℃. However, the maximal the solid extract yield 32.4%(daf) at 390 ℃ can be obtained . The optimal residence time and ratio of solvent to coal was 60 min and 5∶1 respectively. Using the coal liquefaction recycle solvent, higher coal thermal extraction yield was obtained. 23% oxygen content of Datang Shengli No.5 lignite was removed during the processing of thermal extraction at 390 ℃.",1
"As a step of the implementation the coal conversion strategy of Shenhua Group Corporation in Xinjiang, direct liquefaction of the coal from Xinjiang Heishan district was carried out. The coal liquefaction tests were conducted in 0.5 L autoclave and 0.12 t/d continuous unit respectively. The test results show that Heishan coal can be easily liquefied and boasts such excellent performance as higher oil yield and lower gas yield while being made into coal slurry with a concentration as high as 50% (within the viscosity range ensuring good transportability) as well as enabling long-term stable running. The stable transportability of high concentration coal slurry can dramatically enhance the capacity of the reactors.",1
The diversification of hydroliquefaction production after reaction were analyzed by FTIR. The change of structure and component with different reaction temperature were surveyed by 1HNMR and GC-MS. We could concluded that the production component is varied by reaction temperature and hydroxybenzene is found in oil. The existence of hydroxybenzene in the hydroliquefaction production is proved by 1HNMR spectra which added D2O into the sample solution. All above is very meaningful to hydroliquefraction craft.,1
"According to equilibrium principle of gas and liquid, equilibrium solubility of hydrogen in coal tar were measured using a high-pressure agitated autoclave over the temperature range from 323.2 K to 623.2 K and pressure range from 2 MPa to 10 MPa. The influence of temperature and pressures on equilibrium solubility of hydrogen in coal tar has been discussed. The changing current of hydrogen’s equilibrium solubility in different temperature and pressure are different in each coal tar. These data make up for the blank of the domestic data base about the field of coal tar oil, and  provide the foundation data for the industrialization design of coal-tar oil catalyze hydrogenation in slurry reactor.",1
"Coke particles reinforced pitch-based carbon composites（CRPCCs） with high density and low cost were fabricated under atmospheric environment by an efficient mould pressing and semi-carbonization shaping technologies. And microstructures and fracture morphologies of the CRPCCs were observed under optical microscope and SEM. The results show that reinforcing carbon, matrix carbon and holes phase can be distinguished clearly under optical microscope and SEM according to raw material structures and fabrication processes of CRPCCs. And bonding carbon coats or wraps every reinforcing particle besides it fills the holes in the reinforcing particles; hence bonding carbon shapes a continuous network-like matrix in CRPCCs.",0
"The thermal expansion of 8 different coke was measured between 30 ℃1 300 ℃ in N2. Based on coke’s own characteristics, the parameter and measurement of coke expansion are given. Based on parameter measured, this paper explores the relationship between the expansion of coke and CSR, CRI, coal. Through research the result shows: 1) the thermal expansion of coke can be divided into three stages and pointing out the shrinkage stage means micro-cracks generating. 2) The parameters of thermal expansion are increasing with the increasing of coke heat strength. 3) The relation between Lf and Vdaf is quadratic function. When Vdaf comes up to 30%, the Lf can get maximum. Lf is increasing with the increasing of Bond of coal, but which is affected by Vdaf.",0
"One type of anthracite powder was dried, roasted and grinded after being dipped by transition metal Cu and Co sulfate solution with the purpose of the research of impact on combustion properties resulted by the different transition metal sulfate. The results got from ignition point detector and X-ray diffraction phase analysis,showed that the transition metal sulfate changed coal combustion process, speeded up the coal combustion rate, significantly reduced ignition point.",0
"In order to make use of the oxygen-bearing coal mine methane (CMM) effectively, sulfide oxidation is introduced, and the impact of reaction temperature, flow velocity, catalyst and other factors on the deoxygenation process is investigated using TG technology and fixed-bed reator. The results show that oxygen content is obviously reduced by using Na2S as deoxygenation reagent under the temperature of 500 ℃. In the whole reaction process, molecular sieves, compared with other metal ion zeolite catalysts,have significant catalytic efficiency. The process of reaction is deeply influenced by external diffusion, and small flow velocity is propitious to improve the reaction rate of conversion, but it’s still a little low for Na2S.",1
"The principle and measurement method for graphitization degree of carbon-carbon（C/C）composites by X-ray diffraction were investigated. The results show that there exist different graphitized components in C/C composite, and so the profiles of diffraction pattern are asymmetrical. Graphitization degree has more obvious differences among different methods of search peaks，and the common characterizes of the graphitization degree are only evaluated by the best graphitized component of all C/C components. Considering hard graphitized component, it is more suitable to fit profile of peaks. In addition, through multiple-peak separating, the separated peaks could be used to calculate graphitization degree directly. The integral intensity obtained from every single-peak could be calculated according to the relate content of every component, and it is very reasonable to investigate the true graphitization degree of C/C composite．",0
"The effect of LaF3 introduction on properties of solid superacid SO2-4/ZrO2 was studied in this paper. The crystal transformation and morphology of solid superacid SO2-4/ZrO2 and SO2-4/ZrO2-LaF3 were investigated with polarized microscope and XRD when they were calcinated. It was found that there was some influence of LaF3 introduction on crystal transformation and morphology of solid superacid. The thermal stability of solid super acid was determined by using DSC and TG technique. The crystal transforming temperature of ZrO2 and decomposing temperature of SO2-4 increased sharply due to LaF3 introduction. The IR analysis showed that water in solid super acid containing LaF3 was easy to removed. The effect of LaF3 introduction on acid strength, SO2-4 concentration and naphthalene oligomerization were also investigated in this paper.",0
"There are abundant coal-series kaolinite in our country, but these resources have not been utilized reasonably. For widening applied prospect of the coalseries kaolinite, effects of reactive conditions on phosphorus of the urban domestic sewage absorbed by coal-series kaolinite were inspected in this article by the orthogonal experiment, and effect order of all factors were determined: the dosages of the coal-series kaolinite, the stir velocity, the reactive time, the reactive temperature, pH, relative thickness of the domestic sewage, in the same time, the first-rank reactive conditions were obtained: the factors were respective 6 g/mL, 45 r/min, 120 min, 35 ℃, 4, and 0.50. Under these conditions, the contents of the phosphorus in the urban domestic sewage absorbed by coal-series kaolinite could be up to 76.80%.",0
"Greenhouse effect mostly results from CO2 emission by coal combustion, so coal-based energy system is the main fields to realize near zero emissions. The international situation of coal-based energy systems with near zero emissions currently was analyzed, and concluded that there are three approaches to realize CO2 near zero emission of coal-based energy systems: exploit study of IGCC, including recovery and separation after combustion, disposal and recovery of synthesis gas before combustion, and coal-based poly-generation system for power and chemical products based on IGCC; coal-based energy system based on CO2 acceptor gasification and that on chemical-looping gasification.",0
"Catalyst is the core of SCR de-NOx technology, to decrease the deactivation rate and prolong catalyst life has significant meanings on decreasing the operation cost of SCR system. This paper has described the phenomenon of catalyst deactivation, given all the influence factors of deactivation, specialized effects of alkaline metal, alkalineearth metal, As, P, Pb and HCl on SCR catalyst, and based on the effects, deactivation mechanism is discussed. The conclusions are that alkaline metal could decrease the quantity of Bronsted acid sites and change surface acidity of Bronsted active sites, alkaline-earth metal could block the pore structure of the catalyst, deactivation of arsenic is caused by accumulation of gaseous arsenic compounds, and phosphorus has obvious effects on catalyst active sites. Aimed at specific deactivation mechanisms, we can optimize catalyst performance to decrease the deactivation rate.",0
"Onion-like fullerenes (OLFs) were prepared in radio frequency plasma (Ar atmosphere) from Huainan coal with ferrocene as catalyst precursor, and then modified by in-situ oxidation through the introduction of oxygen into Ar plasma. The morphologies and structures of the products were characterized by field emission scanning electron microscopy, high resolution transmission electron microscopy and Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy. The results reveal that the OLFs formed in Ar plasma were oxidized when the content of oxygen in atmosphere was increased to a threshold value. OLFs(OH)n and OLFs(COOH)n were formed when the percent of volume of O2 was 3% or 4%, with more functional groups introduced when the percent of volume of O2 was 4%. The formation mechanisms of the modified products were also discussed.",1
"A fixed-bed reactor has been used to study the effect of the hydrogen partial pressure on the removing of sulfur in char. The kinetic parameters were calculated used differential method and the results shows that the hydrogen partial pressure has the effect on the reaction of hydrogen and organic sulfur in coal char. Under the hydrogen partial pressure from 0.02 MPa to 0.1 MPa, the higher hydrogen partial pressure lead the faster reaction rate of hydrogen and organic sulfur in char. Calculation results also shows that under the different hydrogen partial pressures corresponded the different reaction order and the activation energy, so the experimental results indicate that the reaction of hydrogen and organic sulfur in char is a complex process, and the reaction is controlled by the diffusion of hydrogen from gas flow to particle surface of coalchar.",0
"In the process of underground coal gasification, the pore structures of semi-coke are the impact of the important factors. In this paper, the specific surface area, pore volume and aperture of Dayan brown coal, Xiezhuang bituminous coal and Xiyang anthracite were determined, the author have summed up the various laws of the pore structures of semi-coke at various temperatures and in the reactive atmosphere. The results showed that the pore structures of semi-coke were influenced by the temperature and the atmosphere. Changed the end of the temperature and the atmosphere, the aperture had not changed distinctly.",0
"Three technologies of removing acids and oxygenates from oil of Fischer Tropsch synthesis were developed. The advantages and disadvantages of these technologies were compared by Aspen Plus simulation software. The results show that the azeotropic distillation process is easier than extractive distillation process. Because of its milder process parameters, the equipment cost is lower. Compared with homogeneous azetropic distillation, the ratio of solvent to feed is lower, and the solvent can be recovered easily. But the recovery ratio of solvent for hete",0
"It’s mainly analyzed that the material balance, heat balance calculation and energy consumption of the production process of semi-coke by SJ-low-temperature carbonization furnace. The results showed that, the theoretical semi-coke yield of SJ-low-heat oven is 63.926%, tar yield is 6.079%, gas yield is about 598 m3/t; with thermal efficiency of 88.90%, heat efficiency of 84.08%, and heat loss of furnace surface of 4.82%, and the energy consumption for process is between 13.38% and 17.92%. Compared the composition characteristics of the low metamorphic coals, it’s real a low energy consumption, high-yield, high value-added clean production process for the comprehensive utilization of this coal, which has great guiding significance to the sustainable development of the semicoke industry in Northern Shaanxi.",1
"According to moderate hydrogenation Shenhua coal which is low rank and none caking ability can converse to product with high caking ability, what’s more, the oxygen in the raw coal was better removed, and the heat of the product was improved. Under the microscope, the mesophase small sphere could be seen, combine with the calculation of tar yield of the THF insoluble, it indicated that new active component which could converse to plastic mass was generated. The products were blended with coal and the result proved that it can be useful in the coking industry.",1
"β-methylnaphthalene is an important chemically raw material which exists mainly in gas absorber oil distillation cut of coal tar. A new process of separating and pefining β-methylnaphthalene from gas absorber oil was investigated by birectification-crystallization and rectification-azeotropic distillation in the paper. The results show that it is very difficult to obtain acenaphthene with high purity from gas absorber oil only by rectification time after time or by birectification-crystallization, and yet acenaphthene with high purity can be obtained from gas absorber oil easily by means of the process of combining rectification with azeotropic distillation, and that the process has many characteristics such as simple process, higher purity, no pollution, recycle use of azeotrope former, lower cost and so on.",1
"Used the heat-grade unite calculation of the pinch technology to analyse the dates of the two years' production heat supply of a factory with 175 000 t annual processing plant in tar distillation section, it was found that more than 0.289 6 GJ/t energy can be reused. According to the present situation, heat-pipe technology was advanced to recover the exhaust heat and low potential energy, the pinch technology to design the heat exchange network of the new project and stress on the installation of the heat preservation fixture, only the working procedures of distillation can produce the energy benefit of one million and onehundred thousand yuan annual.",1
"Four different metamorphic degree Ningxia coals were selected for this study. The ash content of coal about 40% obtained with float-sink method and prepared chars in muffle furnace at 900 ℃, then acid-washed by HCl-HF. The effect of  included minerals on char combustion characteristics were analyzed by comparing burning curves and their characteristics indexes of the four chars and their demineralized chars. The result indicated that included minerals in the bituminous chars hampered ignition and accelerated burnout, but the included minerals in the anthracite chars accelerated ignition and hampered burnout.",0
"The effect of calcium-based flux on the melting characteristics of coal ash from coal blends using the Liuqiao No.2 Coal Mine in Wanbei (AQ007) was investigated. The change of the compositions of mineral under various temperatures before and after adding magnesium-based flux into AQ007 was employed by XRD and FT-IR. Results shows that mullite formed under over 1 000 ℃ has an effect on increasing the melting point of coal-ash, and this is the major reason which leads to high melting point of AQ007 coal-ash. The coal ash fusion point will be decreased by adding magnesium-based flux. The low temperature eutectic mixtures such as monticellite, ringwoodite and pyrope are easily formed between magnesium and compounds under high temperature, which will remarkably decrease coal ash fusion point.",0
"Shengli coal and the sawdust were selected as the experiment materials. The impacts of the ratio, the reaction temperature, the reaction time and the initial cool hydrogen pressure on the co-liquefaction were investigated in the batch autoclave with the addition of the hydrogen donor solvent and the catalyst. The results indicate that the best weight ratio of sawdust∶Shengli coal is 1∶9 according to the oil yield, and the conversion and oil yield of the co-liquefaction increase with the temperature, reaction time and hydrogen pressure.",1
"Desulfurization of coal-gas at high temperature is the critical technology improving energy utilizing efficiency. Mn-Fe-Ca sorbents were prepared by mixing methods and effect of calcination temperature on texture, phase, reducibility of Mn-Fe-Ca sorbents was investigated by XRD, SEM and H2-TPR. The effect of calcination temperature on desulfurization performance of Mn-Fe-Ca sorbents were studied in fixed bed reactor. The experimental results show that H2S could be desulfured to 4×10-6 and sulfur content was 33.3% by the sorbents calcined at 1 050 ℃ which also had good mechanical intensity and desulfurization performance. The change of calcination temperature can effects the micro-structure and reactivity of the sorbents.",1
"A kind of Ni-Zn-Fe based oxide desulfurizer of nano-properties was prepared by sol-gel self-combustion method, which has a higher reactivity at 300 ℃500 ℃. The activity of precursor powder at different calcination temperatures and the influence of kaolin and starch additional on the effective sulfur capacity of shaped desulfurizer were investigated. The results indicate that the precursor has a maximum sulfur capacity as the calcination temperature is 500 ℃. As kaolin addition amounts to 30%-40%, the effective sulfur capacity of shaped desulfurizer is the highest. 5% starch can function most effectively.",1
"Mercury is contained in coal (about 0.1×10-6-0.15×10-6) and it is emitted to the atmosphere in the process of combustion and gasification. Mercury ( Hg ) is a major concern among hazardous heavy metals because of its high volatility and high toxicity, especially due to its neurological health impacts. A bituminous coal was processed at the Tianzhuang Coal Preparation Plant in He'nan Province. The objective of this study is to conduct detail studies that analyze the charateristic combustion of different products by TGA-DTG and the emission behavior of Hg by collecting and detecting the concentration of elementary mercury and the oxidized mercury at different range of temperature in smoke. The results indicateded that the fine raw coal, the fine middling coal and the fine cleaned coal have the similar rule of combustion and emission behavior of mercury. The content of elemental mercury is more than oxidized mercury in smoke. By physical separation method mercuric inorganic compound is enriched in middling coals.",1
"In order to study on the ignition characteristic, combustibility and burnout characteristic of the biomass briquette, the combustion parameters was studied of the Jiaozuo anthracite, Shanxi bituminous, Shaanxi Shenmu bituminous, Pingdingshan bituminous and their briquettes by the thermo-gravimetric analysis, and it was found that the ash and volatility were main effects on combustions of the biomass briquettes and the biomass briquettes’ combustions characteristic.",0
"Circulating fluidized bed combustion boiler is an efficient lowpollution combustion of the art equipment, wide range of applications. However, due to its wide applicability of coal, combustion stability characteristics of the widely used low quality coal combustion, and coal gangue, the fluoride emissions of sulfur dioxide pollution control and can not be ignored. 75 t/h and 200 t/h circulating fluidized bed combustion technology-fluoride: fluidized bed combustion temperature is very suitable for burning limestone burning sulfur-fluoride requirements in the circulating fluidized bed combustion boiler add limestone can significantly reduce the export of boiler smoke emission of sulfur dioxide and fluoride concentrations and emissions at the same time with fluoride and sulfur dioxide away from the limitations of the role, with significant economic, environmental and social benefits.",0
"Activated carbons were prepared by KOH activation combined with steam activation from Shenfu 3# coal. Coupling-activation mechanism was also discussed. Effects of ratio of KOH to the coal, heat treatment temperature, total activation time on activated carbons perfor-mance were studied. The results indicated that iodine number, methylene blue adsorption value, BET surface area and total pore volume of the activated carbon prepared at 700 ℃ for 60 min, with addition of KOH which ratio to the coal is 0.5, are 837 mg/g, 409 mg/g, 943 m2/g and 0.31 cm3/g respectively. Also, a large amount of hydrogen about 58 mmol for each gram of coal is released during the activation, up to more than 60% of total gaseous products.",1
"Several briquettes were prepared using fine anthracite and binder with cold briquetting process. The physical properties of anthracites such as micro hardness, hardgrove grindability index, true relative density, apparent relative density, porosity, moisture holding capacity and pore structure and so on have been analyzed. The effects of physical properties of anthracites on compressive strength of briquette have also been researched. The results show that hardgrove grindability index decreases, compressive strength of briquette increases with increasing reflectance of coal maceral, microhardness, true relative density and apparent relative density of anthracite. The physical properties of anthracites reflect coal rank. Therefore, compressive strength of briquette relatives well also with coal rank. The results also show that pore volume distribution of anthracites with different ranks and moisture holding capacity are different from each other, which effects the caking degree between anthracite and binder, thus effects the compressive strength of briquette. The results above will have great significance on developing differrent briquettes using anthracites, improving quality of briquettes and selecting briquette binders.",0
"Sample of Shandong Yanzhou Coal Mining Group North places by heat treatment was for a pilot study. Using vibrating sample magnetometer VSM, the magnetic susceptibility of micro-pulverized coal was measured at different heating temperature conditions. Through trial and after grinding heat treatment of 100 mesh of the following micro-pulverized coal than for susceptibility determination, as well as coal quality analysis, it was found that the pilot heating temperature and heating coal on the environment than a certain magnetic susceptibility, micro-pulverized coal heat treatment after the coal quality change its magnetic effects are more significant. The result would provide the basis of studying the dry magnetic separation which will be used in desulfurization from fine coal.",1
"The paper studies the process of preparation of 4A-molecular sieve with sulfate residue as raw material from fly ash extraction of aluminum, using solid-phase synthesis method to compose 4A-molecular sieve. The paper also studies the better corresponding conditions of preparation and performance is fly ash acid residue∶aluminum hydroxide∶sodium hydroxide=10∶4∶15; baking temperature is 800 ℃-860 ℃, baking time 2 h-3 h; gel formation temperature is 55 ℃, time 2 h; crystallization temperature is 90 ℃-95 ℃, time 4 h to 6 h. The products structural characterization tested by XRD, SEM, IR and so on. Comparison with standard 4A-molecular sieve, the results showed that the synthetic product is the 4Azeolite.",1
"The study that porous glass beads were synthesized using the gangue was used as raw in this experiment to study the process that the zeolite-based adsorbent with high crystallinity and purity was synthesized by self-transformation of gangue in vapor phase of ethylamine and water at a range of 368 K-400 K and the preliminary study on its adsorption feature was made. The adsorption properties of the zeolite-based adsorbent were characterized by adsorption isotherm, specific surface area and pore distribution with the help of N2 adsorption. The zeolite-based adsorbent was investigated with XRD and small-opening consideration and so on. And the adsorption isotherm of whom to phenol was obtained. Results indicated that the zeolitebased adsorbent synthesized from the transformation process was gray and had better adsorption. The paper pointed out that the proper adsorbing temperature and larger specific surface area were effective means to increase the adsorption of the zeolite-based adsorbent.",1
"Polyacrylonitrile(PAN) nanospheres latex with an average diameter size between 230 nm and 250 nm was synthesized by dispersion polymerization. After freeze drying, the PAN particles were stabilized in air at 250 ℃ and then carbonized in nitrogen at 1 000 ℃. Scanning electron microscopy study showed that all PAN nanospheres were carbonized to carbon nanospheres with the diameter range of 170 nm190 nm. The carbon nanospheres were also treated at 1 500 ℃, 2 300 ℃ and 2 800 ℃ respectively. X-ray diffraction study showed that above 2 300 ℃ the graphitization degree of the samples appeared a distinct increase.",0
"Thermoplascity is an important index to evaluate the caking properties of coal. In recent years, the effect of heating rate on coal fusibility to higher temperature was studied using several evaluation method, such as dynamic viscoelasticity, needle penetrometry and high temperature in-situ NMR imaging. It was found that the thermoplascity of coals was enhanced when the coals are rapidly preheated to 330 ℃-380 ℃. By the studies such as solvent extraction, it was speculated that aggreagated structure of coal can been weakened by rapid preheating and produce more low molecular weight substances when the slow heating rate was applied through the following thermoplastic stages.",1
"The pyrolysis characteristics of Pingshuo coal and Shendong coal were studied in detail from the relativity of heating rate and coal particle size and kinetics aspects by means of TG-DTG and FTIR technique. The results show with heating rate increasing the reaction characteristic temperature of coal pyrolysis, such as the initiative, terminative and maximum rate temperature increase gradually, and yet, the final weight loss percent does not indicate definite rule. The change trend of characteristic temperature is more obvious for the coal samples with small particle size than that for big particle size samples, but the biggest weight loss rate has nearly nothing to do with the sample sizes. As pyrolysis rate increase the activation energy and frequency factor increase firstly and then decrease.",1
"The CO2 gasification reactivity of Yima coal char were investigated by an isothermal thermo-gravimetric analysis at ambient pressure and at temperatures from 1 000 ℃ to 1 400 ℃. The results showed that general gasification reactivity and reaction of chars increased with gasification temperature, but some different phenomenon appeared near coal ash fusion point. When conversion was 50%, the average apparent activation energies of chars respectively were 224.03 kJ/mol and 31.47 kJ/mol at 1 000 ℃-1 100 ℃ and 1 100 ℃-1 300 ℃.",0
"The gasification of biomass coke, char and the mixture of biomass and coal in a thermogravimetric apparatus(TGA) was investigated．The results show that under the same conditions, the reactivity of sawdust char was significantly higher than that of lignite char. And the reactive of two char increased with the conversion rate, and the temperature also affect the gasification activity heavily. At the same time, the study also found that when the temperature is higher than 1 173 K, the mixture of semi-coke gasification reactivity is worse than that of single-component semi-coke.",0
"Non-premixed combustion of coke oven gas under low oxygen condition was investigated through computational fluid dynamic (CFD) simulation coupled with radiation heat transfer. Temperature profile and product distribution in reactor were obtained from simulation. Calculated temperature profile indicates that oxygen react strongly with coke oven gas in region near the oxygen nozzle and the temperature in this region increase sharply. Noticeable influence of reactor wall temperature on product distribution could be found in simulation results. Higher selectivity of syngas could be archived at higher reactor wall temperature, while conversion rate of methane in coke oven gas was suppressed simultaneously. So reactor wall temperature should be treated as a key parameter and optimized well in this process.",1
"The temperature field ,concentration field and equilibrium gas composition in reactor which is used to produce syngas by the method of non-catelytic partial oxidation for COG were simulated by the software Fluent. The results show that the oxygen to COG mass ratio is a key factor to deciding the gasification temperature and syngas composition at the export. By the increasing of the ratio, the gasification temperature improves also. When the ratio is 0.14, the content of effective gas (H2+CO) reaches to the maximum, the CH4 in COG almost transformed completely. The temperature in the reactor reaches to the maximum 3 000 K when it is 0.05 m from the nozzle of the reactor, the contents of H2, CO and CO2 become to be balanced while the distance increased to 0.1 m, and CH4 decreased to the minimum.",1
"The gasifier is one of the most important equipments in IGCC system, and it closely related with the others, so the study of the gasifier characteristics is based on the whole IGCC system. The system model of 200 MW IGCC demonstration project was established using Thermoflex software firstly, from the view of the system, the IGCC systems with different gasification parameters (coalwater slurry concentration, gasification pressure, O/C ratio and the carbon conversion) were calculated, the effects on the gasification result were analyzed. It shows that the coal-water slurry concentration and the O/C ratio have great effect on the gasification result.",0
"This work has investigated the gas (including CO, H2, CO2, N2, CH4 and C2H6)-heavy alkane （C20，C28 and C36）systems in the condition of Fischer-Tropsch synthesis. Peng-Robinson (PR) equation of state (EOS) and perturbed-chain SAFT (PC-SAFT) EOS are used to calculate the vapor-liquid data with van der Walls one-fluid mixing rule. The results show that the total absolute average deviations are 1.39% and 1.98% with one optimized interaction parameter, 25.18% and 16.19% with no interaction parameter for PC-SAFT and PR EOS respectively. Moreover, the temperature and carbon number (CN) of solvent effect on the interaction parameter has been studied for the considered systems. With the temperature and CN increasing, the interaction parameters of PC-SAFT EOS increase mildly and these of PR EOS decrease distinctly. Therefore, PC-SAFT EOS with one interaction parameter is more accurate and predictive in estimating the vapor-liquid equilibrium of gas-heavy alkane systems.",0
"In order to meet the needs of the rapid industrialization of direct coal liquefaction project, the calculation method for molecular weights of direct coal liquefaction oil narrow boiling range fractions were studied based on the comparison of a great deal of experimental solvent samples and their molecular weights. In comparison with the results of freezing point depress method, the precision for calculating the molecular weights of coal liquefaction oil by NE-DOL method was investigated. For Shenhua oil, average error is -1.7 between results of NEDOL method and freezing point depress method. For Shengli oil, average error is -1.3. For Neimeng oil, average error is -3. For Heishan oil, average error is -2.7. The calculation results by NEDOL method are close to that of freezing point depress method. NEDOL method can be used to calculate molecular weights of direct coal liquefaction oil narrow boiling range fractions.",1
"The slurrying experiments are done with 21 different metamorphose coals. The influence of coal’s physical chemistry property to its slurrying quality is analysed. The results show that all the CWS samples have high particle accumulation efficiency. The CWS’ apparent viscosity differ sharply from each other at 11.71 s-1. The Bulianta coal’s CWS has the highest apparent viscosity, which is 4 235 mPa·s. The slurrying concentration is high when the coal’s HGI is high. The slurrying concentration is low when the coal’s Mad is high. The CWS have good stability, all samples’ stability is over 60 d, and half of the samples’ stability is over 90 d.",0
"Ionic liquid is a new kind of solvent, but it has not been applied to coal chemical industry. Ionic liquid was firstly used as coal-direct liquefaction solvent in this paper. Viscosity of Shenhua coal slurry and Shengli coal slurry was measured at atmospheric pressure. The results show that viscosity is lower with more solvent and temperature has an influence to it. When temperature increases, viscosity of coal slurry declined. Because of swelling viscosity has a special situation between 50 ℃ and 65 ℃.",0
"The forms of organic oxygen in Shengli lignite are studied by XPS. Three kinds of oxygen functional groups are classified in the method: single-bond, carbonyl group and carboxyl group. The absolute content of different oxygen functional groups is obtained by XPS combined with ultimate analysis and compared with chemistry analysis. The elimination limit of CO and CO2 has been calculated during coal liquefaction prereaction. The elimination of oxygen functional group in Shengli lignite during preliquefaction is studied in 0.5 L shaking-style autoclave at the temperature range of 330 ℃, 360 ℃, 400 ℃ and 430 ℃. Deoxidization effect at the presence of three kinds of catalysts including MnO2, Fe2O3 and MoO3 is observed and compared with that of non-catalyst. The results show that higher oxygen elimination is obtained at H2 pressure 1 MPa, temperature range 360 ℃-400 ℃，non-catalysts.",1
"Clean fuel was prepared from the middle/low-temperature coal tar via hydro-catalysis route on a 30 mL hydrogenation reactor under the effect of series of catalysts. The pressure and temperature as well as H2/oil ratio were set as 8 MPa-15 MPa, 400 ℃-460 ℃, 1 800-2 000 respectively during the reaction. All of the coal tar was converted and the volume receive of clean oil product was higher than 106%. And then the product oil was separated as gasoline and diesel with the ratio as 22.75% and 77.25% respectively (the ratio is changeable with the different raw coal tar). There was no residual oil left during the hydrogenation process. The obtained gasoline and diesel was up to the grade of national standard. In addition, the analysis result of the sulfur content was greatly decreased compared to the raw material during the conversion process which could be used as clean fuel.",1
"In this paper a series of mesophase carbon microbead(MCMB) were prepared from a coal tar pitch without quinoline insoluble at different temperature by varying the holding time. The needle coke was prepared from a coal tar pitch without quinoline insoluble under magnetic field. By analyzing morphologies of MCMB and needle coke with scanning electron microscope, the effect of mesophase formation factors on structure of needle coke were discussed.The results showed that the structure and properties of needle coke were determined by the temperature holding time as well as viscosity of forming mesophase. The magnetic field has a promoting effect for streamlined structure of needle coke.",0
"Non-isothermal combustion experiments of two types of pulverized coal with three different particle size were conducted by synthesized thermogravimetry analyzer in different oxygen concentration. The changes of combustion characteristic parameters of pulverized coals in different atmospheres are analyzed and the kinetic parameters of every condition are calculated. The results show that DTG curves of coal combustion move to low temperature zones when O2 concentration increases. It indicates that both ignition and burnout temperature are lower, burnout time decreases, combustion characteristic index obviously increases, and combustion performance of pulverized coals are improved,especially for the larger particle size of pulverized coal. Activation energy, frequency factor and reaction order of low-temperature stage are lower than that of high-temperature stage. Kinetic compensation relationship exists between combustion activation energy and frequency factor in different atmospheres.",1
"According to the force operating on a charged particle, built a mathematical model for the particle’s trajectory in the line-cylinder charging apparatus. The model involves in particle charging equation, electric field and charge conservation equation, gas conservation equations of mass and momentum, particle mass and momentum equation. Loading electrostatic field force into the model by the compiled UDF (user-defined function) and using the discrete phase model of the FLUENT software for simulation, shows the trajectory regularity about a charging particle of pulverized coal on different pole positive voltage, mean sieving particle size and jet flow velocity, and summaries some regular conclusions.",1
"In order to decreasing the pulverized coal thermal power plant NOx emission damage to human and environment, low NOx pulverized coal combustors are utilized widely. But if the low NOx pulverized coal combustors are operated incorrectly, the fly ash carbon will increase significantly. In the paper, the screen separation and loss of ignition are used to study the fly ash carbon distribution, mercury intrusion and X-ray diffraction are used to study the fly ash carbon inactivation, so as to analysis the reasons of the very high fly ash carbon in dual channel low NOx pulverized coal combustors. It is showed that the dual channel low NOx pulverized coal combustor fly ash carbon distribution has two pinks and the big particle size fly ash carbon inactivation is more significant than that of the small. The author believed that incomplete combustion due to short residence time in combustion zone of small pulverized coal particle and the inactivation due to long residence time in anaerobic and high temperature zone of big pulverized coal particle lead to the increasing of fly ash carbon in some dual channel low NOx pulverized coal combustors.",1
"Sulfur and mercury content in coal fields from some regions in China were analyzed. In addition, occurrence mode and the distribution of sulfur and mercury in coal were discussed, most likely occurrences modes of Hg in high-sulfur and high-Hg coals are in solid solution in pyrite. It is concluded that most Hg values in coal samples range from 100 ng/g to 450 ng/g, averaging 220 ng/g. Mathematical model about relation both total sulfur and mercury was gained by mathematical statistical method, the result showed that they had better dependency correlation in all coal samples at a 95% confidence.",1
"Beisu coal was pyrolyzed in a pyrolysis device, which was studied the desulfurization effect of magnetic separation under different pyrolysis temperatures at 400 ℃-700 ℃. The nitrogen flow was 0.1 L/min and the holding time was 30 min.Compared with the traditional pyrolysis devices, it has many advantages, such as large capacity, easy operation and can combine with the magnetic separation experiments. The experiment results showed that appropriately increasement of pyrolysis temperatures were favorable for the magnetic desulfurization rate and especially pyrite sulfur was reduced well at 500 ℃, compared untreated sample to raise nearly 40%. According to XRD analysis of the raw coal, 500 ℃ semi-coke, the refined coal and the tailing coal after semi-coke magnetic separation respectively, it can find strong magnetic mineral pyrrhotite(Fe1-xS) in semi-coke, and no pyrite in refined coal. It demonstrates that pyrolysis-magnetic separation can remove the inorganic sulfur in coal. According to Chinese standards(GB/T215-2003), it found that organic sulfur existed considerably in the form of thiophene, so it is diffcult to improve Beisu coal magnetic desulfurization rate by low-temperature pyrolysis.",0
"The reduction of NO by CO in the presence of oxygen in gas mixture and the dependence from reacting condition have been investigated on Co-TPP supported on nanometer titania catalysts. The results show that this catalyst yielded 85% NO conversion at 100 ℃ when the volume fraction of feeding gas is NO 500 mg/m3, CO 5 000 mg/m3, O2 4%, space velocity 10 000 h-1. In addition, only SO2 has little effect on NO reduction. At the same time, the competed adsorption of H2O reduced the NO conversion slowly, but the catalyst can be recycled after H2O desorption. In the presence of both SO2 and H2O, the catalyst was poisoned slowly but can be recycled after vacuum heat treatment. Mechanism of the reduction was also investigated, NO2 is  more easily to reduce than NO, both N2O and N2 were the products of NO reduction, and N2 occupied a higher proportion with increasing temperature. N2 is the dominant product of NO2 reduction. The Co-TPP /TiO2 catalyst can be used for NO reduction with CO in the absence of either SO2 or H2O.",0
"Natural coke from Yongcheng was activated by KOH to prepare high-performance activated carbons as electrodes for electric double-layer capacitors (EDLCs). Specific surface area and pore structure of activated carbons was investigated and their EDLC properties were measured in 3 M KOH aqueous solution and 1 M (C2H5)4NBF4/propylene carbonate (PC) solution. The asprepared activated carbons exhibit large surface areas (2 441 m2/g), high capacitances (252 F/g in 3 M KOH aqueous electrolyte,163 F/g in 1 M (C2H5)4NBF4/ PC electrolyte) and low AC impedance.",0
"This article discusses in detail the synthetical method, and synthetical kinetic model of fly ash-based adsorbent with fly ash in Jixi, and then it analyzes crystallization degree of production within the different time. This paper uses the undetermined coefficient method to determine velocity constant of each equation and merge the kinetic equations. Finally, the kinetic model of fly ash-based adsorbent with fly ash was obtained. Then using the model equation to merge testing crystallization curve, conclusions can be drawed that the crystallization reaction of fly ash-based adsorbent will happen in the later gel formation. Furthermore, the dissolve velocity of gel is either quick or slow, which decides the crystal growing rate and the crystallization degree within the limited time. From the whole testing data, it can consist with model curve fairly good, and it shows that the model can describe preferably the growth law of actual crystal.",1
"In this paper, the adsorption and temperature-programmed desorption behaviors of aniline and benzene (as model compounds) on activated carbon (AC) and a copper oxide doped activated carbon (CuO/AC) were investigated. Results show that aniline desorption amount from CuO/AC is significantly lower than that from AC, and initial desorption temperature of aniline from CuO/AC is higher than that from AC. CuO addition changes adsorption state of aniline, which can make adsorption interaction between aniline and catalysts be stronger. CuO has no significant effect on desorption behavior of benzene, which shows state of benzene does not change.",0
Six kinds of non or low-coking coals were rapidly preheated from room temperature to about 380 ℃ using KFM-A rapid preheator at atmosphere. It was found that the coking index of coals increased markedly by the rapid preheating. Solvent extraction experiment showed that CS2 and CS2-NMP extraction yield of coals was enhanced by rapid preheating and was relative with the coking index clearly. It can be speculated that cohesion structure of coal is relaxed by rapid preheating and the kinetic property of coal molecule increases and so produce more low molecular weight substances when the slow heating rate was applied through the following thermoplastic stages.,1
"Before and after being extracted by methanol, the micro-pore structure of block Dayan lignite of China was investigated using mercury intrusion porosimetry (MIP) and nitrogen gas adsorption method. The results show that the porosity goes from 16.4% up to 18.53%. In the micropore diameter range from 3 nm to 80 nm, the specific surface area and pore volume increased by 2.6 folds and 2 folds. But the methanol extraction could not change the micropore distribution obviously. The enlargement of the specific surface area and the pore volume of coal was mainly due to the increase of pore number in different pore size range. The radius of Dayan lignite colloid structure unit was calculated to 8.9 nm according to the most probability of pore radius. Due to the coal seam permeability and the specific surface area were enhanced by using methanol, then the reaction activity and efficiency of underground coal gasification were increased.",1
"The effect of pyrolysis condition on pore structure of Huainan coal was investigated by N2 adsorption principle at 77 K. Specific surfaces of Huainan coal and char were mea-sured by BET model. Total pore volume, average pore size and pore size distribution were also obtained by BJH model. The results show that rapid pyrolysis and slow pyrolysis both can increase the specific area and pore volume and the tendency is more notable with the increase of the pyrolysis temperature. The effect of slow pyrolysis on pore development is stronger than rapid pyrolysis. Fractal theory was applied to describe the surface and pore structure of samples and the fractal dimensions were obtained by FHH equation. Results show that the rapid pyrolysis and slow pyrolysis both can increase the fractal dimension of coal.",0
"The microwave-assisted extraction of Shenfu coal and Panzhihua coal have been discussed, using the following solvents: methanol, ethanol, acetone, acetic acid, THF, ethylene diamine and DMF. The experiment results showed that the extraction yield of Panzhihua coal using former four solvents were higher, and Shenfu coal’s using later three solvents were higher, extraction yield of ethylene diamine was 70.76%. Dry ash-free basis coal and its residues were examined with ultimate analysis, functional group, and FTIR, which indicated that H/C and O/C ratio of residues had a little decrease, and N/C ratio significantly increased. Compared to the deashed coal, oxygen-containing functional groups content of residues increased, total acidity and hydroxyl content enhanced. THF extracts of Shenfu coal were analyzed with GC/MS: hexane contained more alkanes, and more aromatic compounds in toluene, while only one oxygen-containing heteroatomic compound in THF.",1
"To study heat exchange characteristic of lignite during upgrading process with low temperature, using the software of CFD based on Fluent platform, with SIMPLE algorithm and Eulerian model, taking Xilinhaote lignite particles of 10 mm as example, with the numeric analogue of computer, proceeded numeric research of G-S two phases heat exchange characteristic. The results of numerical simulation are almost corresponding with the operating mode, velocity of G-phases is the main factor effecting distribution of section temperature inside furnace body, providing theoretical guide for studying heat exchange characteristic in producer.",1
"It will provide a theoretical suggestion for preventing the coal spontaneous combustion to investigate the low temperature pyrolysis characteristics of coal in O2-enriched conditions. The gas release critical temperatures Tm, the gas release rates ψ and the gas release apparent activation energies Ea of seven C1~C4 low-weight molecular hydrocarbons for Shanxi Hun-yuan cannel coal under the temperature range of 293 K~673 K and the air-supply flow rate of 100 mL/min were investigated by using a coal self-heating experimental facility. The results show that the gas release critical temperatures Tm for CH4，C2H6，C2H4，C3H8，C3H6，i-C4H10 and n-C4H10 were 473 K，491 K，423 K，513 K，490 K，503 K and 523 K respectively. The logarithmic release rates of hydrocarbons (lnψ) were linearly correlated with the reciprocal of absolute temperature (1/T), which were consistent with typical Arrhenius S A kinetic characteristics. The apparent activation energies were 28.492 kJ/mol，13.506 kJ/mol，28.096 kJ/mol，41.786 kJ/mol，68.489 kJ/mol，76.763 kJ/mol and 73.287 kJ/mol respectively. Tm，ψ and Ea for seven gaseous hydrocarbons demonstrated different characteristics, which will be useful for predicting the low temperature pyrolysis characteristics of coal in O2-enriched conditions and the property to coal spontaneous combustion.",1
"A method for the determination of arsenic (As) in coal by the process of digestion and HG(hydride generation)-AFS (atomic fluorescence spectrometry) was presented in this paper. A home-made sealed Teflon container and an oven were used in the digestion process. The effects of the digestion conditions, including the digesting temperature, time and digesting agent, were discussed. The effects of hydrogenation conditions and interferences of other elements in coals, including the concentration of KBH4 and acid used, were also investigated. Optimum analysis conditions were ascertained. The method was validated by analysis of As content in standard reference coal (GBW11116) with satisfactory result and was successfully applied to the determination of As content in five coals with RSD<5%. The method is simple and precise and may be popularized.",1
"X-ray fluorescence spectrometry(XRF), X-ray powder diffractometry(XRD), optical microscope(OM),scanning electron microscopy(SEM)were used to investigated the chemical composition, phase constituents, petrographical structure and microstructure of gasification slag from Texaco gasifier. Building materials were fabricated using gasification slag as main raw materials. Sialon powders were synthesized by carbothermal reduction nitrodation of gasification slag. The results showed that: 1) The main chemical constituents of gasification slag are SiO2, Al2O3, CaO and residual carbon. The main phase are vitreous glass and amorphous carbon, minor phase are quartz and calcite; 2) Gasification slag is porous. Residual carbon is sponge-like structure and vi-treous glass is dense; 3) Building materials above MU7.5 can be manufactured when 70% gasification slag fine is added. The sample fired which has lower volume density has characteristic of thermalresistance; 4) Sialon powders with Ca-α-sialon and β-sialon as main crystalline phases can be synthesized by carbothermal reduction method using gasification slag as raw materials.",0
"Self-inventing multi-heat silicon carbide furnace is used in order to convert coal high-efficiently and cleanly, in which much fuel gas rich in CO is produced by using raw materials of coal and quartz. Meanwhile, high added value material is being produced. We not only study the influence of coal and gasification technology on gas products, but also test energy carrier material through XRD and SEM. The results show that fuel gas is mainly composed of carbon monoxide(CO), the average content of CO reaches up to 70%, the average content of the CO+H2 and CO+H2+CH4 reach to 85% and 90% respectively. We can improve the content of CO by using anthracite, coke or roasting method. The energy carrier material SiC (content of 98.45%) is obtained, among which the yields of 3C-SiC, 6H-SiC, 4H-SiC are 4.12%, 89.81% and 4.42% respectively. The crystal has a relatively high euhedral degree, most of which is thickly platelike crystal.",1
"On hot-model experimental platform of opposed multi-burner gasifier, gasification characteristics of coal alcohol fermentation wastewater slurries were studied by using endoscopic industrial TV, high temperature thermocouples, mass spectrograph. The results showed that the impinging flames generated by the coal wastewater slurries were stable and the gasification efficiency was well; the gasification temperature and available gas component increased correspondingly with increasing the ratio of oxygen to coal. Therefore, it has been proven that cogasification of fermentation wastewater and coal is an effective method to solve the wastewater pollution.",0
"Steam gasification characteristic of biomass char, coal char and the mixture of them was investigated in a thermogravimetric apparatus (TG). The results showed that the various chars behave various reaction rate as follows: Shenmu coal char < cornstalk haulm char < rice haulm char < broomcorn haulm char. The steam gasification reaction kinetics analysis of them showed that the homogeneous model reflected the char gasification kinetics with steam to some extent.",0
"Viscosity of coal oil mixture(COM) is one of an important technological parameters during coal direct liquefaction. In this paper，FCC slurry(recycle oil) and recycle solvent mixture different from traditional recycle solvent were chosen for COM preparation. Some influencing factors for viscosity change of COM were studied at normal temperature and atmosphere, which includes the ratio of FCC slurry(recycle oil) to recycle solvent，COM concentration and temperature. Suitable transportation conditions for FCC slurry(recycle oil) mixing systems during liquefaction were achieved under the COM concentration of 45% and 50% respectively. The results show that viscosity of COM increases with solvent viscosity and the COM concentration increasing. Apparent viscosity decreases with temperature increasing，and the relation equation of viscosity-temperature was established by analysis and regression of experimental data.",0
"A water-soluble aliphatic polymer, sulphonated acetone-formaldehyde resin (SAF) was synthesized by sulfonation and polycondensation reaction. SAF with different molecular and different degree of sulfonation were developed as dispersant for the preparation of highly-loaded coal-water slurry (CWS), which were obtained by controlling the quantity of condensating agent and sulfonating agent. Shenhua coal is a kind of low rank coal, the internal water content and oxygen content is too high, which makes it hard to make coal water slurry. The Haake rheometer was used to measure the rheological property and viscosity of CWS prepared from Shenhua coal. The results show that the molecular weight and the degree of sulfonation of SAF were found to be the key factors affecting its capability for reducing the viscosity of CWS. Comparing with other dispersants of CWS, SAF has much better dispersing effect than nathphalene sulfonate formaldehyde condensate. The suitable molecular weight (inherent viscosity is 7.03-10.87) and the higher degree of sulfonation (1.64 mmol/g) are more effective for reducing the viscosity of CWS, and the shear-stress/shear rate data for each CWS prepared with SAF were fit to three-parameter HerschelBulkley model. Based on the results, the SAF with medium molecular and higher degree of sulfonation is an effective and promising dispersant for highly-loaded CWS.",1
"Ionic liquid is a new kind of solvent, but it has never been applied to coal chemical industry. Ionic liquid was firstly used as coal-direct liquefaction solvent in this paper. The swelling function was studied at ambient pressure and normal temperature. Effects of solvent, confecing time and temperature were discussed. It is found that swelling capacity is the most strong at 50 ℃ and 8 h later, but the swelling capacity along with elevatory temperature and time appeared to firstly increase and subsequently reduced. And the results indicated that molecular structure of coal sample had changed through FTIR analysis.",0
"For stabilization and control of coke quality of Shuicheng steel the research by application of reflectance distribution of coal vitrinite and traditional coal property parameters has been done. The reflectance determination of coal vitrinite, analysis and evaluation of coal properties and coking test for eighteen coal samples have been carried out. The production coal blend in use and recommended coal blends at Shuicheng steel have been evaluated basesd on the test results obtained from coking tests on 40 kg test coke oven. By application of reflectance distribution of coal vitrinate and traditional coal property parameters three optimum coal blends have been put forward. The coke quality is improved and satisfied with demands of production. The research shows that using the reflectance distribution diagram of coal vitrinite is an efficient means of guiding coal blending and especially effective in controlling and stabilizing coke property at high temperature. It is convenient to guide coal blending by using reflectance distribution diagram of coal vitrinite when charged coal is blended by many kind of coals and/or mixed coals.",1
The generation chatacteristic and the relativity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons(PAHs) and nitrogen oxide(NOx) were obtained by monitoring their generation in coking. The results show that the amount of PAHs mainly generated at the stage of coal temperature increasing is the maximum at the beginning 1 h-3 h of coking and is gradually reduced in the whole coking process. With the time prolonging the amount of NOx generated which peak value occurred at the stage from the fourth h to the sixth h is increased firstly and then reduced. The amounts of PAHs and NOx generated at the beginning stage have a negtive correlation and the relation of maximum amounts between PAHs and NOx for different coals and different blended coals was obtained by fitting an exponential curve.,0
"The distribution characteristics of 16 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons(PAHs) in 6 typical coking coals were investigated. The coal samples were extracted by the Soxhlet extractor with methylene chloride, concentrated by the K-D concentrator, and purified by silica gel technique, then PAHs in the coal samples were analyzed by a high performance liquid chromatographic(HPLC). Experimental results showed that most PAHs were present in the coal with 3-ring to 5-ring structure in the six coals; moreover, the higher coal rank is, the lower the total content of PAHs is. The coal with the high volatile content and H/C mole ratio contained higher PAHs. It was also discovered that there was correlation between PAHs content and carbon content, O/C mole ratio in the six coals.",1
"The heat value and concentration of low concentration coalbed methane can’t meet the requirement of industry utilization. When it is industrially used, the methane in the gas needs to be concentrated. However, there is danger in the concentrating process because of the oxygen existing in the gas. So it is necessary to remove oxygen from the gas before being concentrated. The characteristics of several deoxidization methods, which are researching currently, are briefly represented; experimental study on the deoxidization of low concentration coalbed methane in a tubular furnace is also carried on in this paper. The results show that the percentage loss of methane is less than 10%, while the deoxidization temperature is less than 700 ℃, the pyrolysis of methane is the main reason of the loss of methane. The concentration of oxygen can be reduced to less than 1% after deoxidization by using coke combustion method.",1
"Coal tar pitch were separated into α, β and γ resin by the method of solvent extraction. Coal tar pitch, α, β and γ resin were analyzed by TG, DTG and DSC. The results show that the heavy fraction has a higher temperature of initial weight loss and a higher temperature of maximum rate of weight loss than that of light fraction. Coal tar pitch, β and γ resin have two exothermic peaks in the region of 400 ℃-500 ℃, while α resin has only one exothermic peak in the region of 400 ℃-500 ℃.",1
"Study on hydrogenation of medium and low temperature coal tar from Shaanxi was carried out in fixed-bed hydrogenation unit using catalysts possessing properties of hydrofining and hydrocracking. It has been emphasized to investigate the effect of reaction temperature, reaction pressure, volume ratio of hydrogen to oil, liquid hourly space velocity (LHSV) on hydrogenation. The optimum process conditions are: reaction pressure 14 MPa, reaction temperature 390 ℃，vo-lume ratio of hyrdogen to oil 1 600∶1 and LHSV 0.25 h-1. Under optimum conditions, mass fraction of gasoline was 9.82％, mass fraction of diesel oil was 73.12％, mass fraction of hydrogenation tail oil was 16.43％. Through a simple treatment,we can get qualified oil products from fraction of gasoline and diesel. The hydrogenation tail oil could be used as superior FCC or hydrocracking feedstock.",1
"Na-X zeolites were successfully synthesized using the coal fly ash from a thermo-electric plant in Taiyuan by fusion method. The effects of treatment conditions, including NaOH concentration, operating temperature and hydrothermal reaction time, were investigated. The optimal synthetic conditions for Na-X were found to be as follows: ash/NaOH ratio is 1∶1.2, fusion temperature is 550 ℃，NaOH concentration is 3.75 mol/L (addition of 40 mL H2O), reaction temperature is 90 ℃ and reaction time is 6 h. The synthesizing Na-X zeolite by fusion method has higher purity and better crystallinity than that by conventional hydrothermal method.",1
"Mesocarbon microbeads (MCMB) were prepared from coal-tar pitch by pyrolysis condensation of coal-tar pitch modified with formaldehyde in the presence of oxalic acid. The structures of the MCMB were characterized by polarized light microscopy and XRD. The morphologies of the MCMB were analyzed using SEM, and the thermal behavior of the MCMB was studied by TGA. The results indicate that the yield of MCMB, which have the average size of 10 μm, arrives at 35.1%. Moreover, there are a large number of microspheres with the size below 0.5 μm congregate together on the surfaces of the MCMB. The MCMB with low particle size don’t exhibit optical anisotropy under the polarized light microscopy. Furthermore, the interlayer space (d002) and crystallite height and crystallite size of MCMB are 0.342 0 nm, 3.42 nm, and 2.38 nm respectively. The characteristic degradation temperature at 5% mass loss is 618 ℃, and the total weight loss of the MCMB is 15.12%.",1
"In this paper the effects of particle size, temperature, retention time and gas components on tar decomposition using toluene as model tar compounds were investigated. Tests were carried out in a fixed bed tubular reactor under atmospheric pressure using biomass char as catalysts. It was concluded that biomass char showed high catalytic activity. At 950 ℃ toluene conversion  achieve to 98% over two kinds of chars. Longer retention time lead to higher toluene conversion. Steam or CO2 can enhance toluene conversion and prolong the activity of char as they can react with toluene and carbon. Calculated by a simple first order kinetic model biomass char had an activation energy of 73 kJ/mol.",0
