text,label
"Xuzhou Jiahe coal was all separated into four group components including residue, asphaltene component, ultra-pure coal and light component at room temperature and pressure with CS2/NMP mixed solvent and strippant. The process of extraction and stripping was tracked by SEM to study ultra-pure coal and asphaltene component formation mechanism in microscopic. The results show that ultra-pure coal and asphaltene component that belong to micro-nano particle give priority to the floating mode from coal macromolecule matrix to extract liquid. Both ultra-pure coal and asphaltene particle occurred fusion phenomenon during the process of stripping. Dark gray ultra-pure coal melt into mesh or surface uniformity block after adding stripping reagent. Offwhite(or white) asphaltene component change from the scatter-gather into a high degree aggregation before and after joining stripping reagent and melt into extremely smooth and uniform surface block in further. After the process of merging and growing up, it redispersed into a small sphere of uniform size in NMP reagent at last.",3
"Tongting clarain (TTLY), Tongting fusain (TTSY), Chaili clarain (CLLY) and Liangjia vitrain (LJJY) were grading extracted under ultrasonic conditions using CS2, petroleum ether, benzene, methanol, acetone and tetrahydrofuran (THF) in order. The extraction yields of all grades and times were calculated to investigate the impacts of extraction yield and rate of coals in the intervention of the ultrasonic. The results show that the extraction rate of all coals can significantly improve, but the extraction yield related with the solvent, coal rank and maceral can improve with petroleum ether, benzene and THF under ultrasonic extraction.",2
"The pyrolysis characteristics of Indonesian lignite were studied by means of thermal gravimetric analysis and pyrolysis experiments. The pyrolysis mechanism of Indonesian lignite and the effects of heating rate and the final pyrolysis temperature on the pyrolytic process also were studied in detail. The results showed that the pyrolytic process of Indonesian lignite can be divided into three stages: water evaporation, volatile release, semi-coke formation. The water and small molecules adsorbed of coal were removed at reaction temperature less than 300 ℃. Then the initiate pyrolysis temperature of Indonesian lignite is about 300 ℃ and the pyrolytic reaction was intensified at 400 ℃. At the low heating rate range of 10 K/min-20 K/min, the yield of tar was kept as 8.5% of weight and the heating rate had less effect on pyrolysis products. At the low pyrolysis temperature range of 400 ℃-600 ℃, the final pyrolysis temperature had less effect on the yield of tar, but the yield of pyrolysis gas increased and the yield of semi-coke decreased with the improvement of pyrolysis temperature.",1
"Five representative coal samples used for coking were carbonized in a thermogravimetric analyzer to simulate an industrial coking process. The gaseous organic compounds generated were analyzed with a coupled mass spectrometer. During coal carbonization, thermal detachment of aliphatic side groups causes disintegration of the coal structure. Methyl groups detach at higher temperatures than methylene and methine groups, and the temperatures corresponding to peak generation of these groups increase with the metamorphic grade of the coal. Methane is generated by three mechanisms: below 370 ℃, methane adsorbed in coal is thermally released; at about 510 ℃, methyl groups are thermally detached from the coal to form CH+3 ions, which further combine with hydrogen to form methane; finally, at about 720 ℃, methane is produced as a result of the condensation of aromatic rings to form larger fused rings. Benzene is also generated by three mechanisms: at 400 ℃-500 ℃, aromatic structures in coal lose side groups (e.g. methylene or methine) to form benzene ions, which subsequently react with hydrogen to form benzene; at 500 ℃-700 ℃, benzyl structures in coal lose methyl groups to form benzene ions, which then combine with hydrogen to form benzene; finally, at about 800 ℃, condensation of fragments in coal also forms benzene.",1
"TG-FTIR was used to analyze the co-pyrolysis process of rice husk and lignite. It was found that the co-pyrolysis mass lost were larger than mono-pyrolysis, especially when mixed ratio of rice husk and lignite was 2∶8. The co-pyrolysis products component changed, with CO2 increased, CH4 decreased, CO increased a little, while other organic compounds like phenols, carbonyl compounds, and aromatic compound all decreased a little. The mechanism of co-pyrolysis process was investigated. The metallic oxide in biomass could restrain the process of coal bond into coke so biomass and coal co-pyrolysis process took place the synergistic effect; thus it contributes to the further decomposition of coal. In addition, the biomass generates H2 earlier than coal during co-pyrolysis, and the condensation reaction of coal at high temperature is inhibited because of H2; so the prolysis of coal is promoted.",1
"XPS was applied to investigate the mode of occurrence of sulfur in high-sulfur coal from Weibei coal field. The distribution characteristics of sulfur in different particle sizes and different densities, and the changes of sulfur by sieving, float and sink analysis were presented. According to these analysis, the washability evaluation on sulfur in coal was made. The results indicate that higher metamorphic and high-sulfur coal from Weibei coal filed is enriched in heterocycle thiophenic structure and sulfoxide et al. The washability of sulfur in coal can be improved by crushing the particle size to 6 mm-0.5 mm. The theoretic yield of fine coal of 3 mm-0.5 mm coal is 88.8%, ash content is 12.0%, and the theoretic sulfur content is 2.3%. Other chemical methods must be further employed to remove organic sulfur and fine dispersed inorganic sulfur.",4
"According to the swelling measurement principle, combined with a linear variable differential transformer (LVDT) deformation transducer, an apparatus for measuring coal swelling in solvent was made. The swelling isothermals of L1 and B3 in nine solvents (four non-polar solvents, four polar solvents and distilled water) were obtained by the linear variable differential transformer (LVDT) deformation transducer. The swelling rate curves were obtained by derivative swelling isotherms. Furthermore, the swelling behaviors of other four coal samples (two lignites and two bitumites) in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP) were investigated. There is no significant swelling for L1 in four non-polar solvents; but swelling in the four polar solvents significantly, especially in NMP having the maximum swelling ratio; and swelling in distilled water significantly. The swelling of B3 in four non-polar solvents except for n-hexane were significant, even the swelling ratio in toluene greater than in polar solvent acetonitrile. The swelling ratio in the polar solvent NMP was the maximum, showing a significant swelling in distilled water. At the initial time, the maximum swelling rate for two coals in non-polar solvents was shown in carbon disulfide. In all experimental solvents, the swelling in acetonitrile showed the maximum swelling rate. In NMP, three bitumite showed large swelling ratio and the swelling behaviors of three lignites were quite different. The swelling ratio of a lignite was significantly higher than that of the other two lignites and was equal to the bitumite.",2
"This paper come up with a new concept, the method of catalysis on UCG, by introducing stream, a high-pressure vaporific catalysts, into installation so as to conduct UCG with calcium salts as its catalysts. In another oxygen gasification experience, we utilise the catalysts of calcium hydroxide water solution, the mass fraction of which are respectively 5%,10%,15%,and 20%. It is found that the CH4 components and value of gas can be 7.58% higher, 5.43 MJ/m3-7.87 MJ/m3 after gasification under high-pressure vaporific catalysts than that with 10% CaCO3 and no any catalysts; the former, also brings higher rate of 28%-69% of producing gas and more stable production. This paper demonstrates that an optimized gasification result will come if mass fraction of Ca(OH)2 range from 10% to 15% .This shows a brand new way to ensure UCG stablitiy.",1
"The hypothesis, which is the dynamics control areas of the coal gasification, of random pore model was improved, and the carbon conversion rate (X) and reaction time (t) by a modified random pore model (MRPM) of the high temperature coal char gasification/CO2 conversion reaction was described as X=1-exp[-kt(a+bkt+k2t2)]. During 950 ℃-1 400 ℃ gasification temperature, the apparent activation energies of the Huainan slow and rapid pyrolysis coal chars-CO2 gasification were calculated by MRPM which respectively is 121.99 kJ/mol-153.75 kJ/mol and 88.57 kJ/mol-121.39 kJ/mol. The results show that the effect of MRPM is better than that of random pore model and shrinking core model, it can well reflect the kinetic behavior of char gasification characteristics, and the model is suitable for simulation the gasification of different coal chars.",2
"The numerical relationship between the gasifier entrance material and the export effective gas compositions is computed theoretically using the principle of material balance, energy balance and chemical equilibrium. In this paper, the Fluent software is used to simulate the temperature field formed in the gasifier and the concentration field of the export syngas’ main components. We get first step conclusion that the syngas with the hydrogen carbon ratio in the range of 1.0-2.0 can be produced directly when changing the proportion of the coke-oven gas and coal.",3
"Biomass char gasification with CO2 can produce high purity CO through the reaction of gasification agent CO2 with carbon in char. The effects of four transition metal catalysts (Ni, Ce, Fe and Cr) and four different gasification temperature on gasication of pine char were studied under 30% CO2 condition by using gravimetric analysis. And then the nth level reaction model was applied to calculate the kinetic parameters of catalytic gasification for pine char from 710 ℃ to 990 ℃ by ABSW differential method. The results indicated that with the increase of gasification temperature, the reaction time was obviously shortened. When the gasification temperature reached up to 850 ℃, high reaction rate can be obtained. Moreover, the gasification reactivity of pine char with CO2 was significantly improved through the addition of four different transition metal catalysts. The order of catalytic activity from high to low was Ni, Ce, Fe and Cr. According to this study, it was found that the experimental data agreed better with the nth level reaction model at high temperature range.",2
"This paper focused on the preparation of a kind of dispersant. As raw material, phenol was sulfonated by sulfuric acid, polymerized by formaldehyde, and then grafted by epoxy chloropropane to get the epichlorohydrin modified sulfonated phenolic resin dispersant used in coal water slurry (CWS). The best condition of synthesis was n(phenol)∶n(sulfuric acid)∶n(formaldehyde)∶n(epoxy chloropropane)=1∶1∶0.7∶1.5. Sulfonation temperature was 100 ℃, polymeric temperature was 65 ℃. The static contact angle, rheology and stability were tested to analyze the interaction of dispersant and the surface of coal particles. The dispersant can improve hydrophilicity of coal surface, epoxy chain of the dispersant can combined with the hydrophobic groups on coal surface, and sulfonic acid groups have a strong hydrophilicity, so the dispersant can prevent coal particles from gathering through steric hindrance effect to increase the stability of CWS effectively.",2
"With consideration of utilization of resources rationally and protection of environment,two or more than two kinds of single coal are mixed according to certain proportion for coking with minimum economic cost. However, the quality and quantity of coal is uncertain, scientific decision-making on coal blending must be used to solve the problems. In this paper, an optimization model of coal blending for coking based on interval fuzzy programming under uncertainty were studied. Application shows that optimal solution of the model in this article can be obtained, which can provide reference for technicians of coal blending for coking according to actual conditions.",4
"Based on finite volume method, the model of the drying process of a single spherical lignite particle in hot gas was developed. In the paper, the lignite particle was divided into dry region and wet region by water evaporation interface. Crank-nicolson scheme was used to discretize the transport equations so that a single lignite particle dynamic process of moisture content and temperature distribution within the particle under different conditions (initial gas temperature, particle size, resident time) was identified. It is suggested that the model values are more closed to the experimental results and the actual drying process of lignite can be simulated successfully by the model. It was found that longer residence time, larger particle size and drying medium of higher original temperature lead to lower moisture lignite. At the initial gas temperature of 873 K, the moisture content of the lignite particle size of 20 mm decreases from 25.3% to 12% within the residence time of 131 s and the surface temperature of lignite particle is just 537 K, a little higher than the initial evolution temperature of volatile (520 K). Hence, it can be used as the reference of the actual drying process of lignite.",3
"The relationships between main operating parameters of coal drying (type, temperature, content of water of drying medium) and temperature of dry-coal have been studied with Aspen Plus. The results show that the type of drying medium has little effect on temperature of dry-coal. As increasing of temperature and flow of drying medium, temperature of dry-coal increases rapidly after a slowly increase. At low flow of drying medium, with increasing of water-content of drying medium, temperature of dry-coal does not increase apparently and at high flow of dry medium, the temperature of dry-coal does not change.",3
"As Shenmu Xigou coal for sample, we studied the relationship between chemical composition and ash fusibility, investigated the influence of the ash composition on the temperature of coal ash melting, and concluded the best approach to improve the ash fusion temperature. The experimental results showed that the ash melting temperature was increased when adding appropriate amount of oxides. In order to make ST exceeding 1 350 ℃, the addition of SiO2 was at least 4.0%, the addition of Al2O3 was at least 2.0%, the addition of CaO was at least 2.0%. To take account of the conditions of industrial production, CaO, Al2O3, SiO2 or bualget kaolin, limestone, imvite should be added to enhance the ash fusion temperature in order to enlange the range of coal’s application.",3
"Based on the pulverized coal combustion efficiency and low pollution into consideration, in order to confirming the theory of corona coal powder flow enhanced ignition and combustion, the combustion test research on charged pulverized anthracite flow was finished. Using pneumatic screw micro-feeding powder for pulverized coal supply and transportation, the use of corona charging appliance of the pulverized coal particles in electriccyclone, connected to the drop tube furnace pulverized coal combustion in a stream of visual completion, using high resolution digital photographic equipment finished the records of the ignition and combustion state, with the aid of special software for image analysis. By means of thermogravimetry for some residua samples, proceed with the exploration of charged pulverized coal flow complete combustion characteristics. Comparing the charged anthracite powder flow with general anthracite powder flow, the results of the experiment analysis show that , the ignition distance and ignition delay of charged anthracite powder flow is about 5% and 6% ahead of percentage, is about 21% increased combustible matter consumption at least. The charged pulverized coal flow combustion displays better effectiveness of enhanced ignition and combustion.",3
"Making immobilized lipase with high selectivity in organic solvent is a critical step in producing chiral intermediate of enzymatic resolution. The research concentrated on the chiral separation reaction of (R,S)-1-phenylethanol catalyzed by immobilized lipase supported by different coal-based activated carbon. The properties of activated carbon were characterized by the N2 adsorption/desorption method and the scanning electronic microscope. By researching the catalytic separation reaction of (R,S)-1-phenylethanol catalyzed by immobilized lipase, the catalytic activity of lipase with different carrier of activated carbons as well as the reaction effect with reaction time were studied. The result showed that the immobilized lipase supported by microporous activated carbon was excellent for its catalytic effect, whose conversion rate was nearly 50% when the reaction time reached 12.8 h.",0
"The process of two-stage hydro-upgrading of high-temperature coal tar has been proved to be feasible with adapted proportion of catalysts for hydro-pretreating, hydro-finishing, hydro-cracking and hydro-saturation. The results of lab experiments show that the qualities of the high-temperature coal tar can be significantly upgraded by hydro-upgrading, such as density reduced from 1 169.7 kg/m3 to 900.9 kg/m3 and less, H/C ratio increased from 0.79 to 1.63, the carbon residue content reduced to 0.02%; while the potential aromatics content in the hydro-upgraded naphtha fraction is more than 68% , sulfur and nitrogen contents are less than 5 μg/g and 1 μg/g, respectively, so the naphtha is a high quality feedstock for catalytic reforming process. With an ultra low sulfur content, freezing point and cold filter plug point less than -30 ℃, and a cetane number higher than 39, the hydro-upgraded diesel fraction is also an excellent blending component for low freezing point diesel. Meanwhile, the hydro-upgraded tail oil is not suitable to be directly used as feedstock for FCC process due to its highly aromatic composition.",0
"Solvent selection is the key of solvent crystallization method. In this paper, based on the Matlab software, the intermolecular Van der Waal’s attractive energy was calculated between anthracene, carbazole, xylene and chlorobenzene molecules. GC-MS and GC with internal standard curve method were applied to determine the components of anthracene residue and content of anthracene, phenanthrene, carbazole and fluorene in the resulting products. The results showed that the intermolecular van der Waal’s attractive energy between chlorobenzene and anthracene/carbazole was higher than that of xylene, which was consistent with the solubility data. After using xylene two steps of dissolution and crystallization, the removal efficiency of phenanthrene and fluorene was 96% and 91% respectively. DMF+IPA co-solvent and chlorobenzene were applied to the process of anthracene and carbazole separation and carbazole refining, can get high purity carbazole with the purity of 98.68%, the total recovery yield of carbazole is higher than 45% without mother liquor recycling.",2
"With the aid of process software PRO/II, a rectisol acidic gas absorption column of the 600 000 t/a coal-to-methanol plant is set up and the calculation is performed. By comparison with the results of the different thermodynamics models, it was clear that vapor-liquid equilibrium of H2-CO2-CH3OH system deviated from the situation which under high pressure at low temperature. That's the reason for the simulation error. By improved SRK-SIMSCI thermodynamics model，the result showed that the model was satisfactorily agree with the real operation condition of the industry unit.",3
"La and K promoted Cu/MgO catalysts were prepared by coprecipitation method. The catalytic performance of the catalysts on low-temperature methanol synthesis from CO2-containing syngas was investigated. The catalysts were characterized by means of XRD and TPD measurements. The results indicated that La2O3 addition improved Cu dispersion, which enhanced the low temperature CO and CO2 adsorption ability and promoted the conversion of CO2. With the further addition of K2O, the improved surface basicity caused an increase in CO and CO2 high temperature adsorption. The simultaneous conversion of CO and CO2 was achieved, and the activities of the catalyst and methanol yields were enhanced, while the selectivity of ethyl formate was increased. The catalyst with Cu/K molar ratio of 10∶1 showed high activity and stability, and the total carbon conversion of 29.7% was obtained with high methanol yield.",0
"Shendong Shangwan coal and its macerals of vitrinite and inertinite were analyzed by 13C-CP/MAS NMR and FTIR and relative structural parameters were also discussed. The results indicate that inertinite has a higher aromaticity and aromatic bridgehead carbons than those of parent coal and vitrinite. The types of naphthalene and anthracene were main aromatic structure in inertinite macrostructure. Vitrinite had more alkylated aromatic, paraffin hydrocarbon, cycloalkanes, aliphatic carbon and higher hydrogen content. The type of benzene was the main aromatic structure; the macrostructure of parent coal has more fHal（quanternary carbon, CH and CH2） and bonded to oxygen(fOal) and naphthalene was its main aromatic structure. The degree of hydroxy association of three sample and CC stretching vibration are also stronger. The ratio Hal/Har of vitrinite 2.18 is much higher than that of parent coal(1.52) and inertinite(1.36), which was consistent with the fact that vitrinite had lower aromaticity; the macrostructure of vi-trinite and inertinite have more stretching vibration —CH2 than that of parent coal.",1
"Soxhlet extraction treatment of coal by hexane and tetrahydrofuran (THF) was used to remove low molecular weight compounds. In order to avoid extraction solvent residues in coal, the extracted coal was dried under vacuum at different temperatures. The swelling behaviors of raw coal and extracted coals in ethanol were compared by linear variable differential transformer (LVDT) deformation transducer apparatus. The results showed that thermal desorption-mass spectrometry analysis of extracted coals showed there are extraction solvent residues in coal for drying at 110 ℃ for 24 h, while the amount of solvent residues is reduced by drying at 150 ℃ for 24 h. After drying under vacuum at 110 ℃, the initial swelling rate of extracted coal by tetrahydrofuran is faster than that of raw coal, and the equilibrium swelling ratio increased significantly. After drying under vacuum at 150 ℃, the initial swelling rate and the equilibrium swelling ratio decreases for reducing the amount of residue tetrahydrofuran. For under vacuum at 110 ℃ and 150 ℃ dried hexane extracted coal, the initial swelling rate is slower than that of raw coal. The equilibrium swelling of hexane extracted coal dried at 110 ℃ is less than that of raw coal. After drying under vacuum at 150 ℃, the equilibrium swelling ratio increases and is close to raw coal.",3
"Study on lignite coal powder in the drying process to mention the quality by which factors and how the factors are affected. Experimental data is used for the numerical simulation of the temperature, velocity and pressure fields by FLUENT6.3.26. It showed that lignite coal particles humidity changes when the brown one was upgrading and dry in low solid-gas ratio, and the results of upgrading and dry of the lignite is perfect; the drying effect of the pulverized coal had greatly improved when the inlet flue gas temperature was raised in the drying process, the flue gas velocity has little effect on the humidity of lignite powder particles.",3
"As we know, coal could be transformed into biogenic methane by microbiological action, but biogenic hydrogen production from coal has not yet been reported. This study will constitute an important complement to the coal bed methane bioengineering. Takingcoking coal in Shaqu mine as fermentative substrate, taking mine water strains in the same mining area and the white-rot fungus preserved in laboratory as bacterial source, the impact of bio-hydrogen production by different fermentation technology was studied at conditions which temperature is 35 ℃, initial pH is 6.5 without illumination and anaerobic environment. The results show that: under the conditions of the experiment, the hydrogen volume fraction could reach to 73.7%, the hydrogen production rate could achieve 23.56 mL/g coal; compared to the samples that didn’t mix white-rot fungus, the hydrogen production rate of the samples which added the white rot fungus were decreased 1.5-6 times; other things being equal, hydrogen production could be increased from 0.44 mL to 466.34 mL if hydrogen producing bacteria in mine water were enriched for 4 d; compared mixed edentate disodium at the beginning of enrich hydrogen producing bacteria with adding it after enrich strains, the former hydrogen production rate were 2-10 times than the latter. Obviously, more clean energy-hydrogen could be obtained from coal by microbiological action.",0
"In recent years, with the rapid development of glass industry as well as ceramics factory, industrial gas markets have even broader prospects. In this paper，the gasification process of a new type of the industrial gas pressurized entrained flow coal gasifier is simulated using three-dimensional numerical simulation method. The reliable model have been established and predict the flow distribution, temperature distribution，and gas composition distribution of the entrained flow coal gasifier. As a conclusion the simulation results is also analyzed. From the results，it can be investigated that the flow field in the gasifier can reasonably reflect the trends and processes of reaction in the gasifier；temperature field in the gasifier becomes more even，average temperature increases；and the outlet gas composition is consistent with the measurement data.",3
"The micro fluidized bed reaction analyzer(MFBRA)was used to research the emission characteristics and the formation kinetics of methane which is released from the different kinds of coal and the coal blended during the process of coal pyrolysis.The result shows that in the same pyrolysis condition,as the volatile content of coal increased,the beginning temperature of the methane to be released decreased,the maximum releasing rate and the total amount of methane increased, the activation energy (E) of its pyrolysis decreased, which means that the higher the volatile content of coal ,the easier to its pyrolysis reaction.Blended coal can change the quality index of the single coal. The quality index of the coal blended as the water content, volatile content and the ash content etc equals to its weighted average of corresponding single coal.But the activation energy (E) of coal blended doesn’t equal to the weighted average of corresponding single coal.",1
"A spout-fluid bed gasifier was built up for gasification of coal. The effect of wide sieve particles on flow characteristics of the spout-fluid bed was analyzed through numerical simulation methods. Unsteady Eulerian multi-phase flow model and the standard k-ε turbulence equation were adopted in numerical simulation, and using the user defined function (UDF) writing out wide sieve particles model.Results show that in dense-phase different size particles appear stratification, the fluid dynamics of spouted fluidized bed was influenced by particle size distribution and energy dissipation and the transfer between particle.",3
"The coal liquefaction pitch was refined with tetralin by centrifugal separation. when the ratio of tetralin to coal liquefaction pitch was 3∶1, and centrifugal speed was 4 000 r/min, centrifugal time was 20 min, it was demonstrated that the ash could be decreased 0.02%, and QI could be decreased 0.8%, while the yield of pitch could exceed 80%, and the yield of tetralin  was about 75%.",2
"Several oil field hrdrofining catalysts home and abroad were tested by using coal direct liquefaction oil under different operating conditions. The test results showed that the catalyst Cat-A possessed relatively good hydrodenitrogeneration rate, the catalyst Cat-B hold higher hydrodesulfurization rate. The catalyst Cat-C possessed the best hydrodesulfurization rate and the worst hydrodenitrogeneration rate. The suitable reaction conditions for hydrofining was above pressure 10 MPa, temperature 350 ℃, hydrogen oil volume ratio 800∶1. We found that catalysts were easily inactivation.Such as after a week continuous operation, the catalyst Cat-A activity fell about 20%.",0
"A new coal water slurry(CWS)dispersant named sulfonated naphthol formaldehyde (NPF) was synthesized with 2-naphthol, concentrated sulfuric acid and formaldehyde. Firstly, properties of the polymer on different polymerization conditions were analyzed. Secondly, the stabilities of NSF was enhanced through the NPF/NSF were compounded. The results showed that when the monomer,formaldehyde, 2-naphtholmolar ratio was 0.86∶1, polymerization temperature was 130 ℃, polymerization time was 2 h, the dispersion agent performance is optimal. The coal water slurry viscosity is 463 mPa·s with this dispersant when the dosage is 0.5%, the concentration is 64%, indicating that the dispersant has a high dispersion. Coal water slurry viscosity has reduced by 150 mPa·s when the percentage composition of NPF in the NSF ascertain is 20%. The water precipition ratio reduced by 1.07% without hard deposit after 7 d, indicating that the stabilities were enhanced obviously.",2
"An amphoteric polycarboxylic series dispersant(PA-SSS-DMC) was prepared through radical aqueous solution polymerization using polyethylene glycol-acrylate ester (PA), styrene sulfonic sodium (SSS) and methacryloxyethyl trimethyl ammonium chloride (DMC) as raw meterial, (NH4)2S2O8/Na2SO3 redox system as initiator, Na2SO3 as chain transfer agent. The copolymer was characterized by TGA-DSC, GPC and IR. The effect of synthetic condition on dispersion efficiency was investigated. When the prepared slurry density is 63%, the min apparent viscosity value of the coal water slurry made from Shenfu coal would be 580 mPa·s. The matching experiment results of the polycarboxylic dispersant synthesized at optimal conditions for coal water slurry made from Shenhua coal, Beisu cleaned coal and Yanzhou cleaned coal showed that the dispersant should be applied to a variety of coals and should be used widely.",2
"According to the coal blending theory, the previous production of coal blending ratio scheme, coal and coke quality were analyzed. Combined with weakly caking coal and other coal properties, five coal blending ratio scheme were made, tested with 40 kg coke oven. Through the analysis of the blending ratio scheme and single coal, coal and coke results, it was considered that weakly caking coal ratio should be controlled in 3%-5%, finally by 4.3 m top charging coke oven production practice, and it is thought that the result is correct.",2
"In order to investigate the effects of catalyst on characteristics of semi-coke from the coal fast pyrolysis process, the characteristics of semi-coke including yield, ash content, volatile component content, and structure were studied. The results show that catalyst could decrease the semi-coke yields while improve the volatile release, which caused the decrease of volatile component content and the increase of fixed carbon and ash contents in semi-coke. MnO2 promoted the transverse and longitudinal thermal polycondensation of basic lattice in semi-coke, CaO could promote the longitudinal thermal polycondensation and hindered the transverse thermal polycondensation of basic lattice in semi-coke, and Fe2O3 and TiO2 hindered the longitudinal thermal polycondensation of basic lattice in semi-coke.",1
"The proximate analysis, vitrinite reflectance, Gieseler fluidity, Arnu-Audibert’s dilatometer, coke optical texture of gas-fat coal and coking texture with anthracite were studied. At the same time, it was compared with commonly used fat coal.The result showed that gas-fat coal’rank is lower, coke optical texture of single coal is mainly fine mosaic structure, which are not useful for coal blending. But gas-fat coal’s plastic layer is very affluent and with good caking property, they can well spread crack of coal grains. All these are helpful to coal grains caking and coke quality improvement. Gas-fat coal should be rationally blended.",1
"To study the co-carbonization between coal tar pitch and different rank of coal, experiments of charring between 5% and 10% of coal tar pitch and coals were studied, which were test in coke oven of 40 kg. The results showed that, the microstructures of cokes charred from different rank of coals and coal tar pitch were different. The pitch increased the Optical Texture Index (OTI) of the coke from low rank of coals and high rank of coals, and had little effect on that from middle rank of coals. The mechanical behaviors of cokes charred from different rank of coals and coal tar pitch were also different. The cokes from low rank of coals had high mechanical strength because of obviously dissolution; the cokes from middle rank of coals had little effect with pitch; however, the pitch obviously improves the mechanical capacities and thermal properties of the coke charred from high rank of coals.",2
"The mixture of low metamorphic coal and plastic is studied under the condition of microwave co-pyrolysis, using FT-IR analysis and GC-MS to characterize the bluecoal and tar, and the effects of microwave power on the tar yield and component are investigated that is focused on. This research shows that with the increase of the microwave power, the tar get more and more cleaner. When the microwave power increased from 480 W to 800 W,the light of oil, alkane and olefins increase by 13.2%, 4.4% and 9.1% in the tar. But the heavy oil and aromatic hydrocarbons decreased by 24.2% and 14.6%. Therefore, microwave power has an important impact on the co-pyrolysis.",4
"The composition and distribution of phenolic compounds in middle/low temperature coal tar from Northern Shaanxi was investigated by GC-MS. Five fractions were isolated from middle/low temperature coal tar from Northern Shaanxi by distillation into 170 ℃-230 ℃, 230 ℃-270 ℃, 270 ℃-300 ℃, 300 ℃-340 ℃ and 340 ℃-360 ℃ respectively and figured out the ratio. Soda wash method was used to extract the phenolic compounds in each fractions and the crude phenols was analyzied by GC-MS. It was found that 23, 23, 15, 18 and 10 types of phenolic compounds corresponding to the crude phenols of the five fractions, which contributed the 96.89%, 60.01%, 50.90%, 36.51% and 36.37% of the corresponding crude phenols of the five fractions. And these phenolic compounds accounting for 12.91% of the low temperature coal tar. The main phenolic compounds in the low temperature coal tar were low-rank phenols，C3-C4 alkyl-phenols and naphthols.",4
"The paper investigates the influence on coal tar yield during the preparation process for briquette with low rank pulverized coal. The important factors, which effect on the coal tar yield, include content of bentonite, forming pressure, moisture and particle size of coal. These factors are systematically discussed when using the bentonite as binder. The optimum conditions are as followed: content of bentonite is 5%, forming pressure is 40 kN, moisture content is 14%, and fine coal particle size is less than 0.28 mm. Under the optimum conditions, the coal tar yield is 9.2% and compressive strength of formed coke is 600 N/ball. It satisfied the standard of gasification behavior of formed coke.",3
"Two different materials such as coal tar pitch, fat coal with high adhesion were chosen as the heat binder, which were mixed into the powder of low rank bituminous coals from Shenmu or Yuzhou and other raw materials to make coal briquette in different ration. The determination results show that the thermal strength of coal briquette with tar pitch is higher than that of coal briquette with fat coal. Further analysis of micro-structure of coal briquette by electron microscopic also verifies that the cohesion and water resistance of coal briquette with tar pitch is stronger, and it is because that interaction of air bubble poduced by volatile separated under hot state through colloid pressures the colloid and form the stronger netstructure on coal granules surface. Moreover, the particle size of tar pitch also have certain effect on thermal strength of coal briquette.",4
"The primary issue concerning briquette manufacture was the strength of the briquettes, which was dominated by its microstructure. The relationship between microstructure of briquettes made by different amount of bentonites with different pressure and its strength was studied using optical microscopic analysis method and digital image processing technology. The strength of briquettes was controlled by its fracture, followed by its porosity. The emerging of fracture in briquettes was related to the binders used, the pressure loaded and the properties of feed coals, while porosity related to water added.",2
"Magnesium salt and magnesium smelting slag were used as binder agent and sulfur retention agent of coal briquette, compressive strength, falling strength, redrying strength, and sulfur retention efficiency of coal briquette were tested. Results showed that magnesium salt could significantly improve strength of coal briquette, when mass ratio was 6%, the compressive strength was 528 N/ball, falling strength was 86%. Magnesium smelting slag could improve sulfur retention efficiency, when mass ratio was 6%, sulfur retention efficiency was 74%, the highest density of SO2 was 751 mg/m3.",4
"Extraction of brown humic acid and black humic acid from weathered coal was briefly introduced here. Two kinds of humic acid extracted were characterized respectively by ultra violet-visible spectra, Fourier transformed infrared spectra and three-dimensional fluorescence spectra and the structural differences of them were also illustrated. The structure of functional groups in them was similar but the content of functional groups in brown humic acid was higher than black humic acid overall which was gotten by Fourier transformed infrared spectra. The absorbance ultra violet-visible spectra of both humic acids in the spectroscopy region was decreased with wavelength increasing, which was a mixed spectrum. Both kinds of humic acid had fluorescent effect and the redshifts would happen no matter with concentration increasing or pH value increasing.",1
"To humic acid potassium as basic raw materials, through sulfonation ,was purified humic acid, and then as raw materials, acrylic acid as monomers of copolymerization, potassium persulfate as redox system initiator, the grafted copolymers of sulfonated humic acid and acrylic acid are synthesized by means of aqueous solution of copolymerization. And detect their effect on viscosity, rheology, and stability of coal water slurry. This paper also studies different dispersant dosage on the property of coal water slurry, dispersing agent for coal water slurry of effective components of 0.12% of the total weight, coal water slurry has minimum apparent viscosity.",2
"Experimental analysis of the lignite pyrolysis characteristics of Inner Mongolia Baiyinhua lignite was carried out in tube furnace, the structure of the raw coal and solid pyrolysis products of semi-coke composition changes had been investigated.The adsorption/desorption isotherms of raw coal and semi-coke obtained under different carbonization conditions showed that the semi-coke had a wide pore size distribution, and mesopore and micropore account for a substantial proportion; the semi-coke pore characteristics showed the final dry distillation temperatures and holding time of lignite pyrolysis had a significant impact on specific surface area, pore volume and average pore diameter of semi-coke.",1
"In order to explore the explosion hazard of the raw lignite and dried lignite, the paper based on the mechanism of dust explosions, makes the particle size analysis and explosive experiments, analysis the changes of dust particle size features, dust raising characteristics and explosive characteristic parameters between raw and dried lignite particle size distribution changes. The results show that the large particle size frequency of dried lignite decreases, small particle size frequency increases; the minimum ignition energy, the minimum ignition temperature of dust layer/clound become low. It is easier for dried lignite to reach the explosive limit concentration than raw coal, and it more likely to catch fire to explosion, the sensitivity and hazard of the dried lignite increase.",3
"The action of curing between ash and carbon dioxide in the presence of simulated salt water was studied in the solid-liquid-gas three-phase simulated reaction. Abundant experimental studies were performed in the paper to investigate the factors that influenced the curing rate of carbonation reaction, such as reaction temperature, reaction pressure, particle size and reaction medium. The results showed that the mineral carbonation curing rate increased and then decreased with the increment of reaction temperature from 50 ℃ to 200 ℃ . At 150 ℃, carbonation curing rate reached the highest. When the reaction pressure was increased from 1.0 MPa to 2.5 MPa, the mineral carbonation curing rate increased from 0.93% to 1.65%. With the decrease of particle size from 75 μm-150 μm down to 75 μm, the mineral carbonation curing rate increased from 1.18% to 1.48%. When the distilled water was replaced by simulated salt water as the reaction medium, carbonation curing rate increased from 0.38% to 1.65%. At 150 ℃, 2.5 MPa, reaction time 1 h, the particle size less than 75 μm, carbonation curing rate of gasification ash in simulated salt water medium was up to 1.65%.",0
"This text analyses the effect on temperature and pressure of gasifying agent quantity in a 3 m×16 m fluidized gasifier, taking high-ash powdered coal of Yima as raw material. It was found the effect on gasifier temperature of vapor or oxygen quantity can be illustrate by Y=1 353.835-0.079Xv or Y=727.120+0.097Xo, within error of 1%. Moreover, the effect on pressure and pressure drop of gasifying agent quantity is not evident, especially on pressure drop. This test can provide reference for aotumation control, operation and design in the gasifying pilot process for the powdered coal, especially for practical operation.",3
"The thermal analysis instrument (TG/DTA 6300) is used to study the characteristics of residual carbon after gasification of coal from Ningxia Shigouyi. The effects of heating rate, particle size and oxygen concentration on the combustion characteristics of residual carbon are investigated from three aspects, including ignition characteristics, burnout characteristics and stable combustion characteristics. Orthogonal experiments are conducted to study the coupling effect of heating rate, particle size and oxygen concentration on residual carbon of gasification. Experimental results show that increasing heating rate can improve the burnout characteristics of the residual carbon, and the decrease in particle size contributes to the ignition of the residual carbon. Increasing oxygen concentration plays an obvious role in improving the combustion characteristics of the residual carbon, while the improving effect will become weaker with the increase in oxygen concentration. The heating rate affects the ignition characteristics of the residual carbon most, while the oxygen concentration has the greatest influence on the characteristics of burnout and stable combustion of the residual carbon of gasification.",0
"An alternative process of syngas production for NH3 synthesis was proposed. Syngas is made of coal and coal mine gas(CMM)  by CO2 absorption enhanced gasification. Due to higher N2 content in CMM, it is possible to remove N2 supplement section or to replace air gasification by steam gasification. With the in situ absorption of CO2, the syngas compositions at gasifier outlet can meet the inlet contents criteria of syngas refinery section which should be φ（H2）/φ（N2） equals to 3 and φ（CO2+CO）less than 0.30%. In order to analyze the feasibility and operation conditions of the proposed process, syngas production reactor was simulated by thermodynamic model, from which the variation of syngas compositions with operation parameters were studied. Based on this work, it is able to determine the suitable operation parameters for gasifier operation and corresponding CMM flow rate. Considering the explosion limits variation of pressurized CMM, the feasible parameters for O2 removal reactor operation was calculated.  Analysis results show that it is feasible to produce syngas for NH3 synthesis by coal and CMM co-gasification with in situ CO2 capture. Moreover, it is advantage to simplify components adjustment section and syngas purification section.",3
"With NaOH as the supporting electrolyte, electrolysis of coal water slurry (CWS) were carried out with a constant current, so as to investigate the possibility of producing water soluber organic compounds (WSOCs) from electrolysis of (CWS). Effects of different factors on total organic carbon (TOC) content were examined, including time, temperature, anode materials and concentration of both NaOH and CWS. Within a basic electrolyte，the TOC content from electrolysis was larger than that of from soaking, and anode materials with electrocatalytic characteristics could increase the TOC content, such as Fe and Ni. The TOC content increased with time, temperature, while it decreased with increasing NaOH concentration. After electrolysis with a current density of 0.11 A/cm2 for 6 h, and at a temperature of 85 ℃, the TOC content was 1 717.2 mg/L. In addition, the TOC content from unit mass coal after electrolysis was increasing with the NaOH concentration firstly, and then decreased.",1
"This production practice on coking used 1/3 coking coals of Ningwu coalfield, Shanxi Province as the main raw materials. Nine blending schemes have been designed. The coals is loaded into 20 kg iron box ,and the coal blending test was conducted in 66 type coke oven carbonization chamber. Quality testing and analysis of the coke production show that Ningwu coalfield 1/3 coking coal is possible to product qualified metallurgical coke as the main raw material. The good proportion of the fat coal and lean coal can increase the amount of Ningwu coal, to achieve the purpose of reducing the amount of the precious main coking coal. In this experiment, qualified metallurgical coke have been producted without using main coking coal. The coke production were failed to achieve first-class metallurgical coke, which shows that main coking coal is required for prudcting first-class metallurgical coke.",2
"Four coal samples of different degree of metamorphism in Northern Shannxi were determined using slag-bonding tester. The impact of the air flow and ash fusion temperature on slag-bonding rate examined, the discriminant index of coal slag is analyzed and the tendency of four coal slag is concluded. Experimental results show that coal slag characteristics depend not only on the chemical composition, but also on the melting temperature of the coal ash as well as the external conditions at a certain extent.",2
"Based on the indices of ignition temperature, burnout in isothermal area and carbon and hydrogen in residual ash, catalytic effects of CuSO4 and K2CO3 on TF coal combustion were investigated with a temperature programmed method by a thermal-gravimetric analysis. On the other hand, the relationship of activation energy and catalytic effects was also discussed with a distributed activation energy model(DAEM). The results showed that with 2% CuSO4 and 2% K2CO3, the ignition temperature of TF coal was lowered by 44.3 ℃ and 31.1 ℃ respectively; when the final burnout increased from 92.19% to 94.75% and 96.13%, the carbon in residual ash decreased from 6.91% to 3.37% and 2.39% respectively. The distributed activation energy of TF coal combustion showed different on the three stages of conversion: <15%, 20%-85% and >90%. The effect of CuSO4 and K2CO3 on energy change during the conversion of 20%-85% was: K2CO3 could lower the energy obviously, and E of TF coal with CuSO4 showed a fluctuation change.",0
"For solving the problems of unsteady combusation of pre-ignition burner applying for the firing of low-volatile anthracite and serious coking at burner outlet，the flow field distribution in the burner and at outlet are simulated, and pulverized coal particle trajectory in the burner is also simulated, the main factors of affecting the characteristics of recirculation region are found, and the optimization models of the burner are available.",2
"In the system of pulverized-coal industrial boiler, Venturi pulverized-coal mixer have problems include positive pressure in breathing cap, low speed wind and pulverized-coal feeding instability. Including velocity field, pressure field, particle trajectory and coal powder concentration it is simulated and analyzed Venturi pulverized-coal mixer by CFD software FLUENT in different working conditions. And the results compared with the experimental data. The results show that these problems are caused by downstream resistance, fan operating point deviation, Venturi negative pressure deviation and so on.",2
"Taking a 600 MW coal-fired boiler in a power plant serving as the object of study, three dimensional structure of the furnace has been established and a mesh being produced through Gambit software. A reasonable mathematic model has been chosen from FLUENT software and the combustion in furnace being numerically simulated under condition of burning coals with different quality. In O2/CO2 atmosphere, CO2 has a higher specific heat capacity that heat storage capacity of the furnace flue gas and ignition heat increase, furnace overall temperature drops and the flame center moves. As the oxygen concentration increased, the combustion of pulverized coal have been strengthened, the furnace temperature and the temperature inside the zone change, the flame center gradually moves down, which is in favor of the pulverized coal ignition and combustion.",2
"With three kinds of different atoms chlorinated aromatic compounds in the presence of p-toluene sulfonic acid, coal tar pitch has been modified successfully. The properties of the modified coal-tar pitch (MCTP) were observed by Fourier transform infra-red spectroscopy and thermo gravimetric analyzer (TG) respectively. Polarized microscope was employed to study its mesophase structure of the MCTP; and the crystallinity of the needle coke obtained through MCTP was investigated by X-ray diffractometer (XRD). The results show that the carbonization yield of MCTP1 produced by 1-chloro-3-nitrobenzene as a modified agent is the highest among the selected modified agents, which arrive at 50.1%. And the optical structure of its mesophase emerges a typical long fibrous organization. For the needle coke from MCTP1, the results of XRD showed that the 002 peak moves to higher angle and becomes sharper, and Lc increases significantly comparing to the coke from MCTP, which was not modified. It indicates that the degree of graphitization has been enhanced greatly after modification.",2
"A lignite and a coal tar is hydrogenated to oil in autoclave respectively. The liquid in autoclave is extracted by hexane. Phenolic compounds in extract are enriched by alkali extraction and analyzed by GC/MS. The results show that 24 phenolic compounds are identified in lignite liquefaction oil and 21 phenolic compounds in coal tar hydrogenation oil. Phenolic compounds in coal-derived oil are phenols, indanols and naphthalenols among which high rank phenols have the most amount. Most phenolic compounds of coal-derived oil are alkyl substituted with side chain’s diversity and complication of 3 or over 3 carbons.",4
"The toluene was used as solvent to dissolve crude anthracene.The methods of sovlent extraction,azeotropic and recrystallization were used to prepare refined anthracene.The methods of distillation and recrystallization were used to prepare refined phenanthrene.The methods of mixed solvent and recrystallization were used to prepare refined carbazole. The effect of solvent quality, water-bath temperature and azeotropic temperature on the product purity were ivestigated and the best solvent quality, water-bath temperature and azeotropic temperature were determined, in this condition the purity of anthracene,carbazole and phenanthrene from separation could reached 97.882%,91.722% and 75.704%.The structure of production and standard were characterized by infrared spectra and the result was compared and analyzed.The content of anthracene,carbazole and phenanthrene in the product were analyzed by gas chromatography.",2
"By the application of Aspen Plus simulation software, the product separation process of BRICC coal tar hydrocracking with heterogeneous suspending-bed reactor which the scale is 200 000 t/a was studied. According to the analysis of the simulation results, more light oil component was lost in separation process of high pressure separator at low temperature. In order to reduce the loss of light oil, we used atmospheric distillation medium oil as wash oil to wash and recover the gas phase component of high pressure separator at low temperature in this work. The simulation results show the minimum quantity of medium oil consumption to satisfy the recovery is 3 500 kg/h. And after oil washing, the loss of the most light component 332 K has reduced to 5.31% from 26.98%.The effect of recovery is obvious. The simulation results have important guiding significance to industrial design of BRICC coal tar hydrocracking with heteroge-neous suspending-bed.",3
"The coal-based activated carbon was prepared with KOH activation method. Effect of processing factors on Cu(Ⅱ) adsorption capacity has been researched, in which included ratio of alkali to carbon, activation temperature, activation time, ash content, sulfur content and surfactant. As activation time was 1.5 h and ratio of alkali to carbon was 2.5, the BET surface area of the prepared activated carbon at 820 ℃ was 1 004.5 m2/g, and removal ratio of Cu(Ⅱ) was 67.8%. Deashing from coal and adding surfactant were benefit to increasing the adsorption capacity of the activated carbon, but desulfurization from coal was not.",0
"Jincheng anthracite as raw material was mixed with KOH activating agent. Activation of its power, the activation time and the alkalinity of process conditions was disscussed through the iodine adsorption value and methylene blue adsorption by orthogonal tests.By using scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and BET surface area and other means of detection, the activated carbon prepared under the optimum conditions of the KOH were characterized. The results show that: the optimum conditions of preparation of Jincheng anthracite by KOH in microwave is the activation power 480 W, the activation time 7.5 min, alkalinity 4∶1. And the activated carbon prepared under this condition has the best absorbing effect: the iodine adsorption value 989.4 mg/g, specific surface area 1 057.2 m2/g. The effect of process conditions on activated carbon decreased as following: power, activation time, alkalinity.",0
"Thermogravity analysis technique was used to study the course of thermal oxidizing decomposition from 30 ℃ to 900 ℃ for the activated carbon. The result suggested that the fast pyroysis process including the oxidizing decomposition of activated carbon can be described as a first-order chemistry reaction and Coats-Redfern method, thus activation energy can be got. The spontaneous combustion experiment of proved the activated carbon which has lower activation energy would be easy to spontaneous combustion. So spontaneous combustion tendency of activated carbon is divided by using activation energy index.",0
"The ash content in activated carbon had important effect on the specific surface area and pore structure of activated carbon, and the adsorption performance of activated carbon is obvious. Activated carbon was made by the biomass type coal, and the deashing method and the type of acid were studied on the adsorption performance of activated carbon, and the adsorption effect of activated carbon was analyzed through the iodine adsorption. The results show that the deforming effect of type coal is better for cow dung and coal, but the ash content is high very much; so the adsorption performance of activated carbon is decline ;the deashing had important effect on the adsorption performance of activated carbon, and the effect was different for the different ways and acid type.",0
"Blending high concentration clay and additives in the honeycomb SCR catalyst molding process can reduce the dosage of active component and thus decrease the SCR catalyst cost. The effects of different clay and additives on the physical properties of honeycomb catalyst were detected and the ratios of additives were optimized. The catalytic de-NOx performance of the resulting honeycomb catalyst was tested with respect to different blending ratios of catalyst, while the honeycomb catalyst itself was also characterized with XRD and BET. The results showed that the clay-blended honeycomb SCR catalyst exhibited good strength and de-NOx activity at temperatures of 250 to 450 ℃. The realized NO removal reached above 89% for the honeycomb blending 70% clay and 2% V2O5-5% WO3/TiO2 under conditions of the ratio of NH3 to NO is 0.8 and GHSV=4 050 h-1.",2
"This paper investigated the temperature rising characteristic of Inner Mongolia lignite(IML) and its pyrolyzed char and the coal-char mixture(CCM) during microwave heating, the production distributions of CCM during microwave and conventional pyrolysis at the temperature of 350 ℃-750 ℃ were also studied. The results shows that IML is a poor microwave absorbent and need to mix with its pyrolyzed char, so that it can be decomposed in microwave field; with the added amount increasing of the char, the heating rate of CCM during microwave pyrolysis is increased, the tar and gas yield are increased also, while char yield is readuced; compared with conventional pyrolysis at similar conditions, microwave pyrolysis produces less char, tar and water, but more gas; and microwave pyrolysis has higher H2 and CO yield than that of conventional pyrolysis evidently.",2
"Different lignite chars which have different pyrolysis time were produced under 1 523 K in a high-temperature sedimentation furnace, the characteristics of specific surface area, pore volume and pore diameter of pulverized coals and chars of different pyrolysis time were determined with American Autoscan33 mercury porosimeter based on the pressure scan results. Being different with IUIPAC methods, pores were divided into micropores and macropores in this paper according to variation of specific surface area. The specific surface area and pore size distribution test results about different chars showed similar characteristics. The specific surface area and pore volume presented behavior of first increasing, then decreasing and increasing with the pyrolysis time passing; the specific surface area of macropores was increasing, while average pore diameter of macropores was decreasing. This indicates that the pyrolysis process reduces the complexity of part of micropores, and turns them into macropores, which facilitates subsequent combustion and gasification.",4
"Being prepared the catalyst by a method of dipping, the effect of KNO3, DF, DY and DN catalyst on the characteristics of low-quality coal combustion was investigated by thermo-gravimetric analysis. The results showed that the low-quality coal has a different combustion characteristics with different components and additve aomount of catalyst. The new catalyst(FKYN) compound of KNO3, DF, DY, DN and sodium dodecyl benzene sulfonate with a certain ratio decreases the ignition point by 12.3 ℃, the maximum weight loss temperature point by 8 ℃, burn-out point by 13.1 ℃. And it decreases carbon content notablely in coal ash. The dispersion of catalyst have a notable effect on combustion supporting. Adding 5% pulverized coal to be a dispersant, the catalytic effect will be perfect.",0
"On the basis of the research on the existence form of sodium in coal, a method for sodium removal from Zhundong coal using a washing solution has been presented in the paper. The effects of temperature, pressure, coal particle size and washing solution amount on the sodium removal from Zhundong coal with the particle size of 3 mm-6 mm and poor pores was investigated. The experimental results show that the temperature employed is the main influencing factor for sodium removal and washing solution amount, the washing time, pressure and coal particle size has little influence on the results. After treatment with the right processing conditions, the upgraded Zhundong coal with the sodium content below 2% (based on ash yield) is obtained and the sodium removal efficiency is higher than 70%.",2
"Hydrogen, methane and other combustible gases would be obtained during the lignite gasification experiments in the conditions of supercritical water using its oxidative activity. The results had a high value since the residual waste was mixed liquor of water and coal cinders which could be disposed easily without environmental pollution. Control variable method was applied to set the conditions in the experimental process. The influencing factors and laws of lignite gasification in the conditions of supercritical water could be drawn through repeated experiments. The experimental results show that lignite can be more likely to turn into combustible gases under supercritical condition than under subcritical condition. In the state of supercritical water, the highest conversion rate of lignite can be acquired with the use of KOH as catalyst，which value is 79.6%. The values of conversion rate with the use of KBH4 and K2CO3 as catalysts are 62.3% and 61.9% respectively. The results also show that the smaller of the particle size of lignite is more conducive to the conversion of lignite into combustible gases such as hydrogen and methane.",0
"For the production of CH4, supercritical water gasification of lignite was investigated in a high temperature and pressure batch autoclave. The influences of four basic catalysts (KOH, K2CO3, Na2CO3 and Ca(OH)2) and four metal chloride catalysts (ZnCl2, FeCl3, CuCl2 and AlCl3) were discussed. The reaction condition was 550 ℃, 25 MPa, 10∶1 mass ratio of H2O to lignite, 20% mass ratio of KOH to lignite, 20 min residence time. The results show that the effect of catalysts on yield of CH4 from high to low order is KOH>K2CO3>ZnCl2>Na2CO3>AlCl3>Ca(OH)2>no catalyst>FeCl3>CuCl2. It was found that ZnCl2 can promote the yield of CH4, which can be  explained that intermediate products can be degraded to acid by ZnCl2 which is good for acid catalyzed reaction and can promote the gasification reaction better. Compared with no catalyst addition, the addition of FeCl3 and CuCl2 turns to lower yield of CH4. And catalytic efficiency of KOH is the highest. Yield of CH4 is 110.2 mL/(g daf coal) which is almost double to that of no catalyst addition when KOH was added. The main mechanism is the free radical reaction and promoting of basic metal to the water-gas shift reaction in supercritical water.",0
"The composition and property of coal direct liquefied aviation kerosene distil-late were studied in this paper. The test results showed that some of the physical and chemical properties were not fit for No.3 jet fuel specification.Such as high-density, low-calorific value, high-acid value, high-sulfur/nitrogen content and high-aromatics content .On the other side, it’s excellent in some performace such as high-flash point, low-freezing point and rich naphthenic hydrocarbon. Coal direct liquefied aviation kerosene distillate would be used for qualified high-density jet fuel through hydrofining method.We found that phenol oil in the coal direct liquefied aviation kerosene distillate accounted for about 26%. Low phenol oil contented of about 72% in the total amount of phenol oil.",4
"The principle properties, composition, and carbon solution reaction kinetics of tar residue were analyzed in this paper. Coke making was carried out by employing coal blends tar residue. The changes of micro-crystals of cokes have been investigated by employing Scherrer’s equation. Effect of tar residue introduction on micro-pore and carbon solution kinetics of coke were also studied. The results revealed that the addition of tar residue  facilitated the growth of micro-crystals in coke and the increases of crystal parameter La, Lc and graphite degree g. The pore structure of cokes was measured by nitrogen adsorption. It was found that the micro-pore volume and average pore diameter decreased, specific surface area increased after tar residue being added to coal blends. For carbon solution reaction, no obvious changes were found.",4
"The influence of different particle sizes of lean coal, meager lean coal and anthracite on the quality of coke was studied based on the coal resource of Han’gang Coking Factory. The porosity and SEM were used to analyze the influence of pore structure on the thermal properties of the as-prepared coke. The influence of the particle sizes of high metamorphic grade coal on the quality of coke was analyzed from the mechanism. Based on the coal blending experiment with different particle size of lean coal, the result shows that: when the lean coal particle size <0.2 mm, the M40 of the coke was improved by 3% and the CSR was improved by 7%. When 5% of the lean coal was substituted for anthracite, the thermal properties of the coke was not affected so much and the CSR was improved than the blank experiment with the varied particle sizes of anthracite. Besides, the M40 of the coke was improved by 3% when the anthracite particle size <0.2 mm. When 5% lean coal was substituted for meager lean coal and the particle size of the meager lean coal <3 mm, the property of the coke was deteriorative. However, the quality of coke was maintained and the CSR can be improved by 5% when the particle size of meager lean coal <1 mm.",2
"In order to research on the sulfur forms transformation of high-sulfur content coking coal during pyrolysis, char of a Shanxi fat coal(YX), a Shanxi coking coal(JX) and a New Zealand 1/3 coking coal (NXL) were prepared under simulation of industrial coking conditions in horizontal tube furnace during  300 ℃-1000 ℃. The change of sulfur forms content and crystal structure transformation of pyrite were investigated by wet chemical method and XRD, respectively. The results show that the total sulfur content decreases with pyrolysis temperature increases, and with the increase of metamorphic grade, the temperature of maximum desulfuration shifts to high temperature. Sulfate sulfur content in NXL and JX coal does not change significantly with temperature except for the YX. Pyrite in three kinds of coal are first decomposed into pyrrhotite, with the temperature rise further, pyrite decomposed into troilite completely, and change of the content of organic sulfur in coal is not regulated.",4
"The self-emulsification of low temperature coal tar was examined by considering asphaltene and colloid contents inside the tar. Experiments for dewatering low temperature coal tar was conducted by employing the following methods sequentially: heating, adding demulsifiers, stirring, ultrasonic treating, and centrifuging. The dewatering efficiency of each method was carefully optimized and analyzed. The results indicate that the final dehydration rate of coal tar could reach 51.3% at the optimal conditions :holding at 80 ℃ for 30 min, adding the demulsifier DH 300×10-6, stirring at 100 r/min for 5 min, treating with ultrasound at 0.4 W/cm2 for 1 min and then centrifuging at 5 000 r/min for 10 min.",4
"The composition and distribution of phenolic compounds in low temperature coal tar from Northern Shaanxi were investigated, nine fractions were isolated from L-tar by distillation in <100 ℃, 100 ℃-170 ℃, 170 ℃-200 ℃, 200 ℃-240 ℃, 240 ℃-270 ℃, 270 ℃-300 ℃, 300 ℃-340 ℃, 340 ℃-390 ℃ and ＞390 ℃ respectively. Their compositions and distributions were characterized by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS). The results show that phenols decrease with temperature rising. Phenols mainly enriched in fractions of 100 ℃-200 ℃, 200 ℃-240 ℃ and 240 ℃-270 ℃, which contributed respectively 50.5%, 44.3% and 29.1% of their fractions in quality. The main phenolic compounds in L-tar were low-rank phenols, C3-C4 alkyl-phenols, indenols, hydroquinones, naphthols and alkyl-naphthols.",4
"In this paper, we report a new way to prepare graphene from anthracite through high-temperature heat treatment technology and oxidation reduction method. The results show that the pure superfine graphite powder can be obtained from anthracite with nickel sulfate, ferric oxide and boric acid as catalyst respectively. And then, we prepared the graphene through the redox with the pure superfine graphite powder as the precursor. This work not only extends the raw material source of graphene preparation, but also provides a high additional value utilization approach of anthracite.",4
"Desulfurization of high-sulphur coal with H2O2-CH3COOH solutions was studied. The results showed that H2O2-CH3COOH solution could remove organic sulfur and pyrite sulfur effectively from coal. Based on the experiments, the optimum desulfurization conditions was the initial concentration of H2O2 solution of 10%, n(H2O2)∶n(CH3COOH) of 10, room temperature, reaction time of 60 min, solid-liquid ratio of 3∶1, stirring rate of 300 r/min. Under these conditions, removal rate of pyrite sulfur and organic sulfur in coal could both reach more than 65%. According to further desulfurization mechanism analysis on H2O2-CH3COOH solution system, the results indicated that H2O2 has powerful oxidation by adding CH3COOH. Under the catalytic action of CH3COOH, H2O2 and CH3COOH could react to generate more hydroxyl free base (·OH) and perhydroxyl radical (· OOH) with high electronegativity or electron affinity, which could improve desulfurization reactions and removal more pyrite sulfur or organic sulfur from coal.",4
"Humic acid as basic raw materials, the subjected to sulfomethylation and condensation polymerization reaction, synthesis of a humic acid based dispersant has a good water solubility and higher molecular weight of the new. Change of the amount of sodium sulfite and formaldehyde synthesis of the dispersant process optimization, to determine the optimum amount of 22% and 40%. Using IR, TG and GPC other analytical methods to structural characterization. It was obtained when CWS the concentration of 63% and 0.6% of the amount of dispersant for CWS total weight(dry basis coal)analysis according to the added amount of the dispersing agent on the viscosity and stability of the coal water slurry having the lowest apparent viscosity 588 mPa·s.",2
"In this work, by method of element analysis, Fourier infrared spectrum and 13C CP/MAS NMR, characterizing the molecular structure of brown humic acid (ZFS) and black humic acid (HFS) which extracted from weathered coal. The result showed that aromatic nucleus of ZFS and HFS is mainly composed of aromatic ring structure. HFS aromatic carbon content is two times of ZFS, and aromatization degree of HFS is higher than ZFS. There is some aliphatic side chain existed around the aromatic ring. About half of the carbon atom in aromatic ring of ZFS is replaced by substituent of aliphatic side chain, which mainly consists of linear alkyls. In the long alkyl aliphatic side chain, there are some oxygen atoms which existed in the form of methoxyl or ether. In addition, ZFS aliphatic carbon content is obviously higher than that of HFS. On the other hand, HFS aliphatic carbons may constitute rings containing oxygen or nitrogen atoms. About a third of carbon in aromatic nucleus was replaced. There are also small amounts of phenol hydroxyl or methoxyl groups existed on the rings. To sum up，content of Oxygen-containing functional groups in ZFS is 2 times of HFS and there are some of carboxyl groups existed on the aromatic ring in both kinds of humic acids. Moreover, content of carboxyl group of ZFS is four times of HFS.",1
"This paper takes coal gangue, talcum powder and aluminum oxide as raw materials, according to the theory composition of cordierite to burden, in 1 150 ℃-1 220 ℃ sintering about 2 h-4 h, we synthesize cordierite. Orthogonal analysis shows that, to sample volume shrinkage, the biggest factor is the sintering temperature; SEM shows that the product particle morphology is irregular; XRD analysis finds that impurity existence can significantly reduce the sintering temperature, but at the same time will leads to more produce of impurity phase, so we must pay special attention to the control of the content impurities in raw material. Synthetic cordierite optimal conditions is that sintering temperature is 1 220 ℃, holding time 4 h, abrasive particle size 45 μm.",3
"Water system integration optimization technology theories develop rapidly in recent years. A case study for water system design of a certain coal to methanol factory is undertaken with step analysis method(SAM) by combining water pinch technology with practical condition. Results show that the factory could save fresh water 54 t/h and reduce wastewater discharge 54 t/h without equipment addition.If add reverse osmosis equipment to regenerate concentrate, the factory could reduce fresh water consumption and wastewater discharge 159 t/h respectively. This method particularly applies to retrofit the existing process water network.",2
"Gasification reactivity has to be considered when all kinds of gasification technology select raw materials. It is useful for reasonable utilization of coal, selection of gasification technology and optimization of production process to evaluate gasification reactivity. The methods of measurement and characterization of coal (char) gasification reactivity was introduced in this paper. The advantages, disadvantages and application suitability of these characterization methods were discussed and compared. Combined with status and development of coal gasification technology, the ways to improving the evaluation method of coal/coke gasification activity was put forward.",2
"Two major challenges in today’s energy industry are: increasing the total amount of available energy resources and securing a sustainable future through energy saving and recycling. In order to potentially address these two problems through a single pathway, a new approach which converts coal and induced carbon dioxide into methane by utilizing methanogens originating in coal, is proposed. The approach is evaluated based upon an analysis and comparison of current methods of enhanced coalbed methane recovery (ECBM) including: water injection, CO2-ECBM, hydrofracturing and microbial conversion. A mechanistic study shows that the methanogens are able to generate methane from carbon dioxide and hydrogen during the process of microbial coal decomposition, while induced carbon dioxide may initiate methanogenesis at an early stage and accelerate this process. The feasibility of the approach in-field is further supported by a theoretical analysis of the following: the impact of carbon dioxide on methanogens, the source of the hydrogen, and the sequence of bioactivation and carbon dioxide injection.",0
