text,label
"Coal/PAN complex was synthesized by using an aniline extracted product of coal as a template to simulate the structure of ash-free coal with through pores. The effects of pore structure and functional groups on the conductivity of the complex were investigated. The results showed that the maximum conductivity of the coal/PAN complex was 6.46×10-4 S/cm. The main reason for the low conductivity is that there are less —OH, —COOH, and =CO= functional groups, low charge density and less active site in the surface of the extract, which resulted in a relatively weak “hydration” surface. Therefore the doping process cannot be performed thoroughly for the nonuniform distribution of the extracts. The synergistic effect of pore structure and functional groups can enhance the conductivity of coal/PAN complex.",2
"It is necessary to do some research on the substitute of standard anthracite because of the higher price of anthracite, which is supplement to investigate coking index of coal. The testing results of six kind of coals which are mixed with standard anthracite by the regulated ratio in standard(GB/T5447-1997) show that the coal is different, the coking index is different obviously. The further tests, in which the coal are mixed with quartz sand, demonstrate that the supplement and its mixing ratio have an significant influence on the coking index of coal. The results of orthogonal testing illustrated that supplement has more significant effect on the coking index of coal; the mixing ratio of supplement is second, they are highly significant factors of coking index; the type of coal is relatively more obvious than supplement and its mixing ratio, it is relatively significant factor. Some conclusions are drawn by the results of orthogonal testing that the choice of supplement and its mixing ratio with reason, the establishment of relationship between the coking index of coal mixed with non-standard anthracite and that of coal mixed with standard anthracite.",3
"Coal-ash is the remains of coal after burning completely. The research was mainly emphasised on the mineral components, character of external appearance and melting point of coal-ash from Shenhua-ningmei group by means of XRD, SEM and TG-DSC. The result showed that the coal-ash of YLM is composed of calcite, gypsum, quqrtz, haematite and rutile while ash of XJM is mainly composed of calcite, gypsum and quqrtz. The ash-melting point of XJM is about 45 ℃ higher than that of YLM, which is largely because of haematite and rutile in the ash of YLM.",2
"Gasification process is influenced by thermal behavior at high temperature. TG-DSC, XRD and SEM were employed to observe phase changes and reaction of mineral under oxidation atmosphere. There is different mineral changing in heating process which affects the ash fusibility. The system of mineral matters is mainly dominated by the change of aluminosilicate. The morphology and distribution of mineral are changed at elevated temperature.",2
"In this study, the supported ZnO/γ-Al2O3 sorbents were prepared by the impregnation method. Gas desulfurization tests were made by using these adsorbents. The influence of loading，calcination and sulfur temperature and so on  was studied. The prepared adsorbents were characterised by using XRD, BET. The results showed that ZnO/γ-Al2O3 may have monolayer dispersed ZnO and ZnO crystallites. There is a threshold monolayer dispersion capacity. If the ZnO loading is lower than the threshold, the ZnO will disperse on the surface ofγ-Al2O3 as a monolayer, then the sample will give an XRD pattern with no crystalline ZnO peaks. When the ZnO loading is higher than the threshold, in addition to the monolayer dispersed ZnO, crystalline ZnO will appear, then the sample will give an XRD pattern with crystalline ZnO peaks. And this was also proved by experiment. When the ZnO loading is lower than the threshold ,the breakthrough sulfur capacity is rise with the increase of loading and the high dynamic sulfur capacity 9.7 g S/100 g ZnO was obtained by these adsorbents. By contraries, the stability and capacity decreaced clearly.",3
"There are main reactions in the process of tannin extract desulfurization production, however,side reactions which generate many salts(such as Na2S2O3, Na2SO4, NaSCN, NaHCO3,and so on)are inevitable.These by-products will influence the qualities of desulfurization solution of tannin extract and the stabilization of desulfurization technology. We made studies for the sake of effect.The effect of Na2S2O3, Na2SO4, NaSCN, NaHCO3, in desulfurization solution of tannin extract on desulfurization solution was investigated from four aspects of surface tension, viscosity and density. The result showed that the accumulation of by-products in tannin extract desulfurization solution make desulfurization solution surface tension descend,viscosity and density increase. And change the operation condition of tannic extract desulfurization technology, finally influence the efficiency of desulfurization.",2
"High-abundance content-rich phenolic compounds are formed in the direct coal liquefaction oil. It is crucial to investigate the factors that determine the contents and compositions of phenolic compounds, in order to understand  better the mechanism how phenolic compounds are produced. In this paper, we study the effects of three process conditions, including reaction temperature,catalyst and addition of high boiling point oil, on the content distribution of phenolic compounds in a boiling 41 ℃-220 ℃ coal liquefaction oil. We have found out that both the addition of catalyst and the increase of reaction temperature lead to the enhanced yield of crude phenol while addition of high boiling oil has insignificant effect. In addition, both the increase of reaction temperature and addition of high boiling oil help convert high-level phenolic intermediates to lower-molecular-weight, simpler-structure, lowlevel phenols by means of cleavage, hydrodealkylation, and dehydroxylation. In contrast, the addition of catalyst greatly inhibits the transformation from higer phenols to low-grade phenolic.",2
"Shenhua coal-derived oil samples are obtained from the continuous direct coal liquefaction test. 8 narrow fractions are gained by the true boiling point distillation from the samples, of which boiling point is lower than 300 ℃. The pseudo-critical temperatures (PCT) calculated by group contribution method (GCM) of the narrow fractions ascend with distillation temperature rising with a linear relation:Tc=435.4+1.298t. The PCT calculated by six different equations accurately is consistent with the measured values by GCM, which the relative errors are within 5%. Furthermore, the lesser errors can be got by using the Watanasiri equation and NEDO formula within 2%.",2
"The influence of mild oxidation on the technology properties and the changes of the structure of the coals were studied under the simulative nature oxidation at laboratory, and the oxidize time was used for the oxidation degree. The results showed that the Vdaf of the coals had almost not changed, but the caking and coking capacity had become worsening more or less with the increase of oxidation degree. And the higher the rank of the coal, the less influence on these technology properties, and the reason of these changes were explained with FTIR.",3
"In this paper 5 bituminous coals with different coal ranks were carbonized in the 5 kg experiment coke oven. The relationshipship between the coking property of single coals and the crystallite structure of the cokes were discussed. The results showed that the quality of the cokes which had been prepared from the coking coal and the 1/3 coking coal were fairly good. It was shown from X-ray diffraction (XRD) results that the carbon structural factor (La/Lc) of the coke prepared from fat coal was smallest, but the graphitization degree was highest. The true relative density (TRD) of the coke was decreased with the increase of La/Lc.",3
"The nanoparticles of coal was simulated by hexagonal graphite clusters, the regularity of effect of particle size on the combustion and pyrolysis kinetic parameters were researched by quantum chemistry method AM1.The results show that the particle size of coal particle has obvious effects on the kinetic parameters of combustion and pyrolysis; the apparent activation energy decreases and rate constant increases with the particle size of coal particle decreasing; and the apparent activation energy and the logarithm of rate constant have linear relation with the reciprocal of particle size. These regularines are consistent with experimental results of concerned documents.",0
Flow and combustion characteristics of coaxial crossed swirling fluidic process were studied by experimentation in the article. The study shows that the finestra current coefficient of fluidic equipment of central tube spout was 0.605; the resistance coefficient of circumrotation vane was 0.09; the ejective gas from the spout formed a negative pressure area at the center of spout; the axial velocity decayed faster; the excess air coefficient required for combustion was small; the combustion which flame was transparent and vigorous was full. The effective and clean combustion of low calorific gas-fired can be realized with the coaxial crossed swirling fluidic combustor in the tube furnace of coal chemical plant.,0
"The low efficiency coal-burning chain link stove converted to burn low heat value coal-bed methane is an energy saving and emission reducing measure. To analyze the in-boiler flow and combustion conditions, experimental research and three-dimensional numerical simulation were conducted. The distribution of in-boiler flow field, temperature field, and CH4 component were obtained. The predictions show that the in-boiler flow and combustion conditions are optimal. Compared to coal-fired, the boiler efficiency ratio is enhanced by 25.5%. The recirculation region is formed at the top of chamber. At the rated load, the CH4 concentration drops slowly, and the entire chamber’s flame fullness is ideal.",2
"The co-firing characteristics of Fujian anthracite and corn cob blends was studied with thermogravimetric technique. The results show that the characteristics of ignition, burning and burn-out of Fujian anthracite were improved added with corn cob. However, with proportion of corn cob increased, the improvement of the latter combustion characteristics of anthracite is little. Besides, the activation energy E was calculated by using Coats-Redfern method. It shows that E is decreased added with corn cob. However, the value of E hasn’t the obvious matter with the proportion of corn cob. The effect of corn cob on anthracite firing is mainly improving the ignition characteristics.",2
"The TG-DTG thermal analysis technology was applied to analyze the combustion process of the coal, biomass and their mixture, and the influence of coal kinds, biomass kinds, biomass addition ratio, heating rate, oxygen flowing rate to the combustion characteristic of mixture was also studied. The results show that the biomass’s ignition, burnout and combustion characteristics are better than the coal’s. Biomass can improve the combustion characteristics of coal. With the increase of the biomass addition, the combustion characteristics improve more obviously. With the increase of heating rate, the ignition characteristic parameters and combustion characteristic parameters are increased, while burnout characteristic is reduced. With the increase of oxygen flowing rate, the combustion performances of flue can be improved.",0
"Thermal analysis and combustion characteristics of mixture of oil shale semi-coke and coal investigated on TG analyzer, with regard to comparing the process of the mixture with those of the individual components. Meanwhile, the effect of rank of coalification and the rate of coal, which was mixed into the oil shale semi-coke, was studied. Results show that: the combustion characteristics can be improved by mixing coal with good combustion performance; the mixture of oil shale semi-coke and Erji jet coal had better combustion performance than other mixtures; the index of combustion performance of the mixture increased with the augment of the proportions of EJ coal.",0
"The flash pyrolysis tests of Dachengzi 4# oil shale are carried out in a spouted-entrained bed reactor. The resident time of carry gas in the reactor was kept constant at different temperatures by changing the carry gas flow rate. The effect of temperature on the fields of gas, liquid and solid products was discussed. The optimum temperature for flash pyrolysis of Dachengzi 4# oil shale is 530 ℃, if the liquid product is the main objective.",2
"Coal-based activated carbons were prepared from Jiaozuo anthracite by NaOH as activating agent. The influence of the ratio of KOH to anthracite, activation temperature and activation time on adsorption properties and yield were investigated. The specific surface area, total pore volume and pore size distribution of activated carbons were characterized by low temperature nitrogen adsorption. The results showed that coal-based activated carbon could be prepared when the ratio of NaOH to anthracite was 4, activation temperature was 750 ℃ and activation time was 1 h, which specific surface area was 2 483 m2/g, total pore volume was 1.41 cm3/g, iodine adsorption value was 2 530 mg/g and methylene blue adsorption value was 418 mg/g.",2
"Carbon nanotubes can be synthesized via detonation-assisted chemical vapor deposition using olefin, which is one of the products of indirect coal liquefaction from coal, as carbon source. After investigating influences of metal catalysts and explosive packing densities on structures and morphologies of the detonation products, it was found when the explosive packing density is 0.2 g/mL the nanotube’s content of product using cobalt as catalyst is 70%. On this base, the synthesis of carbon nanotube using the other two heavy mass carbon sources is studied. The results show the conditions of synthesis via detonation-assisted chemical vapor deposition of carbon nanotubes need be further optimizing.",3
"A clew-like carbon materials consisting of self-assembly carbon nanotubes were synthesized from coal pitch by chemical vapor deposition using ferrocene as catalyst precursors in hydrogen and argon atmosphere. The morphology and structure of the products were characterized by field emission scanning electron microscopy, high resolution transmission electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction and Raman spectroscopy. The results show that the clew-like carbon materials, which were composed of curly carbon nanotubes with high purity and diameter in the range of 20 nm-45 nm, were achieved. The ferromagnetic and microwave adsorbing properties of the products were measured. Results reveal that the products had an obvious ferromagnetic behavior with the large coercivity value (446.13 Oe) and certain microwave adsorbing property in the frequency range of 2 GHz to 18 GHz.",3
"Two kinds of mesophase pitches (MPP) were prepared by heat-treatment two coal tar pitches (CTP) and modified coal tar pitch (MCTP) in the presence of nitrogen. The pyrolysis behaviors of CTP and MCTP were studied by means of thermal analysis (TG and DSC). The morphologies of MPP were inspected by optical microscope. The structures of the MPP were characterized by XRD. The results show that there are more alkyl functional groups existing in CTP and MCTP than in MPP, which indicate MPP formation predominantly polycondense aromatic and release the alkyl functional groups. An endothermic band due to volatilize light compounds around 290 ℃, two exothermic peaks at the range of 400 ℃-500 ℃ were characteristic of polymerization reactions, exothermic peaks of MCTP is higher than that of CTP because the former have a higher reaction active for its more alkyl side chain. MPP from CTP is mosaics texture, while from the MCTP is flow domains texture, (002) and (101) peaks of graphite occur on XRD patterns, the peaks of MPP from MCTP is higher and narrower than MPP from CTP, which indicates the former is more graphitizability than the latter.",2
"Acenaphthene is an important chemically raw material which exists mainly in gas absorber oil distillation cut of coal tar. A new process of separating and pefining acenaphthene from gas absorber oil was investigated by rectification-recrystallization in the paper. The results show that it is very difficult to obtain acenaphthene with high purity from gas absorber oil only by rectification time after time, and yet acenaphthene with high purity can be obtained easily by means of the process of combining rectification with recrystallization, and that the process has many characteristics such as lower energy consumption, higher purity and yield, short process flow, mother liquor use for times, no pollution, lower cost and so on.",2
"The methods of preparation of high-performance CNTs/epoxy nanocomposites are reviewed in detail from the points such as the interfacial interaction of CNTs with epoxy matrix, the dispersion of CNTs in epoxy matrix, the functionalization of CNTs and the alignment of CNTs in epoxy matrix. And the studies on the curing reaction mechanism and the curing kinetics of the CNTs/epoxy nanocomposites are introduced. The as-obtained research results are also thoroughly analyzed in this paper. The facing research difficulty and challenge of CNTs/epoxy composites are discussed as well.",1
"Through the thermal simulation experiments of hydrocarbon generation in the semi-closed system on Shenfu coal and the coal with different mediums from 250 ℃ to 550 ℃, with a stepwise heating stage of 50 ℃, the characteristics of gas, liquid and solid products are discussed systematically in this paper. The results show that the peak yield of oil appears between the heating temperature 400 ℃ and 450 ℃, the maximum oil-generating ratio is 41.2 mg/g. The maximum gas-generating ratio is 99.4 mL/g at 500 ℃. Methane is predominant component of the hydrocarbon gas, reaches to 33.6%-61.2% of the total gas yield. Hydrogen is the main part of the non-hydrocarbon gas, achieves to 18.5%-58.1% of the total gas yield. Non-hydrocarbon gas is generated in the early stage, partial carbon dioxide and smidgen carbon monoxide in them. The content of C in the solid products increases and the content of H,O decreases.",2
"To investigate the exiting state and solubilization characteristics of small molecule compounds in the entire coal rank, eight coals ranged from young lignite to anthracite were extracted with n-hexane and sampled in batches. The change law of extraction rate in a certain period was discussed, and the extracts were analyzed with GC. The results show that the three existing forms of small molecules: free state, micropore-inbuilt state and network-inbuilt state, consist in every coal and show universal rules for the entire coal rank. The relationship between the cumulative extraction rate and cumulative extraction time of coals in different rank are subject to logarithmic function. The curve of fractionated extraction rate or the total extraction rate to carbon content represent the “chair” shape. TheⅡ-type molecules in the n-hexane-soluble small molecule compounds are most likely to dissolve, followed by Ⅰ-type molecular, and then Ⅲ-type, especially theⅠ-type molecular just appear in the bituminous coal. The metamorphic reaction process basically submit to three stages, which is the aromatization process, splitting hydrogenation and stability reaction process, and the condensation reaction process.",0
"The thermal stability of naphthyl benzyl sulfide in coal was studied using density functional theory method. According to the structure microscopic parameters and thermodynamic functional change, it can be concluded that the bond between C in the methylene of phenmethyl and S cleaves firstly and forms a more stable structure, phenmethyl radical, which has p-π conjugation system, then the bond between C at naphthyl and S cleaves, thirdly H atom of methylene is abstracted, subsequently phenyl is leaved from the original structure, finally H atoms of six-member ring are abstracted. The thermal decomposition of naphthyl benzyl sulfide is an endothermic reaction, and increasing temperature is in favor of the reaction.",2
"High-abundance content-rich phenolic compounds are existed in the CLMO. The content of phenolic compounds is about 20%-25%. It is formed from phenol, (alkyl)phenol, (alkyl)naphthol, (alkyl)indanols and phenylphenol. It is crucial to investigate the factors that determine the contents and compositions of phenolic compounds, in order to understand the mechanism how phenolic compounds are produced better. In this paper, the effects of three process conditions is investigated, including reaction temperature, Mo catalyst and addition of BHTPSD, on the content distribution of phenolic compounds in CLMO. we have found out that both the addition of catalyst and the increase of reaction temperature lead to the enhanced yield of crude phenol while addition of BHTPSD has insignificant effect. In addition, addition of BHTPSD help convert high-level phenolic intermediates to lower-molecular-weight, simpler-structure, low-level phenols by means of cleavage, hydrodealkylation, and dehydroxylation. In contrast, the addition of Mo catalyst greatly inhibits the transformation from high-grade phenols to low-grade phenols.",2
"In this paper, lignite of Mongolia, oil-coal slurry under the conditions of high temperature and pressure, different concentrations and different heating rates under the conditions of the viscosity variation, given 0.1 t/d brown coal direct liquefaction pilot data provide an initial basis. The use of autoclave developed by China Coal Research Institute, autoclave torque by recording the changes in converted oil-coal slurry viscosity by linear regression method, obtained oil-coal slurry system under the conditions of high temperature and pressure viscosity-temperature relationship equation. Through the viscosity-temperature relationship equation can be calculated the oil-coal slurry viscosity at different temperatures. From the test results, at different heating rates and different concentrations of the oil-coal slurry viscosity decreases with temperature decreasing trend in the concentration of important factors affecting the viscosity.",2
"As a subject of Wucaiwan coal from Xinjiang, its quality characteristics and TG were analyzed, then it was investigated to affect of these four factors such as ratio of mass for solvent to coal, reaction time, initial H2 pressure, and reaction temperature on the coal hydro-liquefaction property. Results show that the optimal reaction temperature is 450 ℃, and oil yield is up to 55.20%, conversion 76.76% at conditions of initial H2 pressure being 6.0 MPa, ratio of mass for solvent to coal 1.75, reaction time 60 min although the coal sample is soft coal with high inertinite of 81.5%, R0max=0.73%, Vdaf＜37%, and H/C=0.59. So Wucaiwan coal has good liquefaction performance.",2
"The distribution and characterization of phenolics in direct coal liquefaction (DCL) oil have been quantified by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS). The oil was from 0.1 t/d BSU liquefaction run feeding with Shengli brown coal. The phenolic concentrate in DCL oil was isolated through caustic extraction, and then was further derivatizied to prepare derivative mixture, which was the main sample for GC/MS analysis because of its higher separability compared to the concentrate. Totally, 134 phenolics, which belong to four types of ring structures: phenols, indanols, naphthalenols and naphthols are identified, and most of them are alkyl substituted. Phenols, including the most amount of compounds, has the highest weight content in the concentrate, followed by indanols and naphthalenols. Naphthols, with the fewest amount compounds, has the lowest weight content.",2
"Co-liquefaction reactivity (CLR) of Yanzhou coal and lignin was investigated in the batch autoclave with the addition of tetralin as the hydrogen donor solvent and Fe2O3+S as the catalyst by using single-factor method. The impact of the ratio of coal to lignin, temperature, reaction time and initial hydrogen pressure on CLR were studied. The results showed that the addition of the appropriate amount of lignin to Yanzhou coal can enhance CLR of Yanzhou coal. According to comprehensive consideration experimental conditions and the economic cost, the optimum conditions is the ratio of Yanzhou coal∶lignin=9∶1, temperature of 440 ℃, cool hydrogen pressure of 8 MPa and reaction time of 60 min. The conversion and oil yield reached 86.8% and 62.9% at this condition.",2
"A common ionic liquid of 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate ([BMIm]BF4) has been used as swelling solvent to swell Shenhua coal for pretreatment of the coal liquefaction. The swelling ratio and coal liquefaction have been experientially measured, by which the investigation of the application of the [BMIm]BF4 on swelling pretreatment of coal was carried out. The results show that the swelling ratio of the [BMIm]BF4 swelled coal is remarkably more than that of the coal without pretreatment in the solvent of methanol. The swelling pretreatment makes the weak covalency bonds of coal broken, so as to make the conversion ratio and the ratio of oil and gas product improved in the process of the swollen coal liquefaction. The swelling ratio and total conversion rate of Shenhua coal increased with increasing of the swelling time. The effect of operating temperature is complicated because there is a suitable temperature difference. Above that temperature, the swelling ratio and total conversion rate decrease with increasing of temperature. And the [BMIm]BF4 can recycled.",3
"Research on the H2S and SO2 releasing characteristics by BP neural network is carried out, the data is validated by one-dimensional pulverized coal combustion system. A typical three-layer neural networks with 8 input neurons, 6 connotative layer neurons, and 2 output neurons, the BP neural network arithmetic is improved by adding momentum item. Through trained by training samples and validated by test data, the model indicates that the BP neural network can predict the sulfur releasing characteristics well.",2
"Manganese-based oxide as a high-temperature desulfurization sorbent was prepared with different additive by the mixing method and its performance was studied in a fixed bed reactor. The effect of additive on phase, texture and specific surface area of Mn-based sorbents were investigated by XRD, SEM and BET. The results reveal that H2S could be desulfured to 8×10-6 and sulfur content was 33.1% by the sorbent with the mole ratio of Mn∶Cu which is 9∶1 and the binder is 10% sol, which also had good mechanical intensity and desulfurization performance. The change of additive can effects the micro-structure and reactivity of the sorbents.",3
"Comparing with ADA, the tannin extract desulfurization is more superior and applied widely in industry. In order to reveal the advantages, the surface properties of oxidized tannin extract and ADA aqueous solution are researched using surface tensiometer and conductivity meter. The results shows that the oxidized tannin extract is an ionic surfactant, which can reduce the surface tension of solution and intensify the gas-liquid mass transfer rate of hydrogen sulfide or air with solution. Howere, the ADA solution is not of property. That is the reason for advantage. The critical micelle concentration of oxidized tannin extract solution is 0.53 g/L，and this value can be used as a minimum concentration in tannin extract desulphurization solution.",2
"In the condition of 360 ℃-400 ℃, hydrogen pressure 1 MPa-2.5 MPa, residence time 5 min-40 min, and ratio of xylene to coal tar 0.5-3, reaction kinetics study of high temperature coal tar hydrocracking in supercritical xylene were investigated in batch reactor. The pressure index of cracking reaction was -0.211 1, ratio of xylene to coal tar index was 0.403 3, pre-exponential factor was 2.722 min-1·MPa（0.211 1）, and activity energy was 15.765 kJ/mol; The pressure index of condensation reaction was -0.288 4, ratio of xylene to coal tar index was -0.445 9, pre-exponential factor was 18.952 min-1·MPa（0.288 4）, and activity energy was 30.762 kJ/mol; The pressure index of total reaction was 0.160 9, ratio of xylene to coal tar index was 0.226 5, pre-exponential factor was 204.226 min-1·MPa（-0.160 9）, and activity energy was 39.049 kJ/mol.",2
"The gasified semicoke obtained from the secondary cyclone of the Jincheng industrial gasifier was selected as one of the samples for the study, in addition, three chars were yielded by the investigation of the Jingneng bituminous coal in a drop tube deposition furnace at fast pyrolysis temperature of 1 173 K，1 273 K，1 373 K. Reactivity measurements of the four chars above mentioned were performed by TGA/SDA851e under the condition of constant temperature. The combustion behavior of the coal char and its effects have been studied for temperature ranging from 773 K to 1 023 K. Different methods to prepare chars and different pyrolysis temperatures determine varied combustion reactivity of coal char, and the combustion reactivity of the gasified semicoke JC is the minimum among the four chars, and the combustion reactivity of other three pyrolytic chars decreases with pyrolysis temperature increasing. The reaction rate increases with the combustion temperature and the oxygen concentration increasing. Meanwhile, the transition temperature and the activation energy(Ea) of the coal char was determined by halflife time method, in the kinetic region, Ea of JC，JN-1，JN-2，JN-3 is 115 kJ/mol，57 kJ/mol，70 kJ/mol，97 kJ/mol respectively. It is close to that determined by isoconversional method. The reaction is more difficult and Ea increases with the burnout increasing, and the transition temperature rises further.",0
"A series of catalysts for methanation on silica-supported nickel was prepared by precipitation and the catalysts were analyzed by XRD, TPR and SEM. The results showed that aluminum addition was helpful to form microballoon catalyst and adding aluminum and cerium could accelerate reduction of catalyst. Cerium addition could obviously improve the carbon distribution of catalyst. The reaction activity of complex catalyst was higher than those of monotypic catalyst.",2
"The zinc acetate/activated carbon catalyst which was used in vinyl acetate synthesis from acetylene was prepared by excessive impregnation and the impregnation condition were studied. The results show that the suitable zinc acetate concentration is 0.8 mol/L. The time is 60 min. The temperature is 55 ℃. Water complete drying needs 30 min at 120 ℃, but it needs 70 min at 90 ℃. The BET analysis showed that mesopore of catalyst is blocked and the average pore radius reduce during the dry temperature increase. The BET and average hole radius don’t change clearly when the dry temperature reaches 110 ℃. The SEM analysis shows that vinyl acetate crystal is on the catalyst surface.",2
"Shendong coal was activated by KOH for preparation of high surface area activated carbons as adsorbent to separate CH4 and H2. The effects of different preparation variables, including the KOH/coal ratio, activation temperature and time, on the final porous texture of activated carbon were discussed. The results showed that the surface area and pore volume of prepared activated carbon increase with the increase of KOH/coal. The surface area and pore vo-lume reach maximum with activation time and then decrease. The activation temperature has little effect on surface area and the pore volume increases with activation temperature. The optimum preparation conditions of activated carbon for separation CH4 and H2 are KOH/coal ratio of 5, activation temperature of 800 ℃ and activation time of 90 min.",2
"In a two-stage fixed bed, the cracking characteristics of tar derived from biomass pyrolysis in a high temperature coal char were studied. The results show that higher temperature is favor to the cracking of biomass tar. Both long residence time in char and the cracking temperature can decrease the tar yield with the increase of gas yield and H2 percentage. The prepare condition of char has influence on the gas yield and composition. Low pyrolysis temperature and short residence time can increase reactivity of coal char and are favor to the higher H2 and CO percentage.",2
"In the hydrated process, calcium-based flue gas desulfurization sorbent has the poor dispersion, the small surface area and ease to get group. The hydrated products were modified by adding different amount PEG was studied in this paper. The results showed that when the hydration period of 30 min and the water to lime molar ratio of 1.4∶1, the optimal adding amount of PEG600 was 3%, the particle size of hydrated products was uniform, an average particle size was 9.4 μm, and the surface area was 21.6 m2/g. XRD, SEM and FT-IR showed that lime was hydrated completely, lime slaking rate was high, and the dispersion was improved. In addition, calcium hydroxide was coated with PEG.",1
"In order to compare the advantages and disadvantages of different Xray diffraction quantitative methods, three X-ray quantitative analysis methods were used in the experiment with CeO2-TiO2 two-component sample. High emphasis was paid on the differences of experiment process, convenience of operation and value of relative error. The research showed that internal-standard-matter method wasn’t recommended in practice because of its complicated process and larger value of error. On the contrary, out-of-heat method was the best one in practice when compared in convenience and value of relative error. However, in order to obtain a more accurate K-value, which is indispensable in out-of-heat method, qualitative analysis is its key step.",0
"Based on the 3 million tons-scale project of Fischer-Tropsch Chi-deflated gas data, the processes of Chi-deflated gas to LNG (liquefied natural gas) and LNG-ammonia-generation projects were simulated using the Aspen plus simulation software respectively; meanwhile, the technical and economic index of the two programs were analyzed. The simulation results showed that the emission of greenhouse gases CO2 of the LNG project is less 49,400 t/a than that of the LNG-ammonia-generation projects, the energy efficiency higher 22.2% than that of the latter one, while the profit is less 1.64-1.65 million RMB/a. According to a comprehensive consideration of CO2 emissions, energy efficiency, and profit, we believe that the project of LNG is better than co-generation.",2
"The capability of methane absorbed by coal has a close relation with the molecular structure of coal. In order to study the effect of low molecular weight compounds in coal on behaviors of coal-nitrogen adsorption, Pingdingshan bituminous coal were extracted with five kinds of organic solvents using Soxhlet extraction, the solvents including n-hexane, benzene, chloroform, tetrahydrofuran and pyridine, and the polarity of solvents increased in turn, whereafter, the raw coal and its residuals adsorption behaviors of nitrogen were investigated. The studies show that the extraction yields of the five solvents increased in turn, when the relative pressure pr (relative pressure was the ratio of adsorption equilibrium pressure and the saturated vapor pressure of nitrogen) less than 0.1, the nitrogen adsorption capacity of coal residuals increased in turn, but when relative pressure pr larger than 0.1, compared with tetrahydrofuran residuals, benzene and chloroform residuals have high nitrogen adsorption capacity. The results show that the contents and constituents of low molecular weight compounds have a significant effect on coal adsorption behaviors of nitrogen, both aperture property and surface property were changed. The soluble polar aromatic compounds have the most effect on the behaviors of coal-nitrogen adsorption, the heterocyclic oxygen and nitrogen aromatic compounds have the inferior effect on it, and the saturated hydrocarbon compounds at least.",2
"High resolution mass spectrometer is applied in on-line analysis of organic matter released during pyrolysis of coal with different rank from Huaibei coalfield under vacuum condition. The result shows that during 200 ℃-400 ℃, the component of compounds released by coals with different rank is similar, while the relative content of high molecular weight compounds decreases with increasing of coal rank at 600 ℃. The trend is also found that the ratio of aromatic hydrocarbons between high molecular weight and low molecular ones decreases with increasing of coal rank. As temperature increases, high molecular weight compounds of anthracite and bituminite greatly increase. Oxygen groups in coal start to crack during 200 ℃-400 ℃ and turn into CO2 at 600 ℃.",2
"The pyrolysis characteristics of the coals and sawdust in an inertia atmosphere were investigated using a thermo-gravimetric apparatus with a on-line infrared-spectrum analyzer. The influence of blend ratio and coal rank on the pyrolysis of coal with sawdust blends was examined. The experimental results show that the pyrolysis characteristics of coal with sawdust blends are not similar to that of every single sample addition of single coal with single sawdust. The high rank coal with sawdust is more beneficial to interaction effects than low rank coal. By investigating the infrared spectrogram, there is a difference in the gas yield between different coals with sawdust. It is discovered that the coal rank has important influence on the pyrolysis of the blends. The interaction effects in the co-pyrolysis of coals and sawdust are suggested.",1
"The relationship between particle size of coal and quality of pyrolysis production during microwave heating are studied, and the change of gas composition in different time is analyzed by gas analyzer. The results show that the coal’s temperature can reach to 750 ℃ within 10 min and tar yield is 12% within 22 min, which has increased by 4% compared with conventional heating. The content of hydrogen, carbon monoxide and methane in pyrolysis gas increase significantly. The size of raw coal particle has little effect on the yield of a variety of products. It shows that this technology can be used for rapid coal pyrolysis, and lay the foundation for the comprehensive utilization of coal gas.",2
"The microcrystal structure of carbonated briquette made from Changzhi anthracite powder was studied by use of X-ary diffraction and TG. The results have shown that the microcrystal parameters d(200) is larger, but Lc and La are smaller than that of graphite. There were micro-crystals in the carbonizated briquette made from Changzhi anthracite powder. The arrangement of the micro-crystals in the carbonizated briquette was quite irregular, so that the structure was called “irregular structure”. When a briquette was carbonated, there was no fluid colloidal-matter formed in the inside of the briquette. Through binding material and glue stock, the anthracite powders were bonded together. Because of the affect of anthracite powder and binding material there was the apparent surface between them. The reactivity of the carbonizated briquette was decided by both the microcrystal arrangement and pore structure in the briquette.",3
"Measurements of active carbon catalytic oxidation of H2S were conducted in a laboratory-scale, fixed-bed reactor system. The main objective of this research is to have a clear insight of the effects of operating parameters on desulfurization. The O2 concentration, the reaction temperature and the atmosphere of gas on the behavior of activated carbon catalytic oxidation of H2S removal was examined. Optimum desulfurization temperature was about 180 ℃. Oxygen-sulfur ratio was 1∶2. With the increasing of the content of CO, CO2 and H2, the desulfurization performance of AC decreased. On the countrary, the existence of H2O favored the desulfurization. A surface reaction control kinetics model of removing hydrogen sulfide by activated carbon had been put forward. The desulfurizig kinetics expression and kinetic parameter had been developed.",1
"Based on Aspen Plus, a model for entrained-flow bed coal gasifier partial gasification by the method of Gibbs free energy minimization was established. A series of calculations were carried out to predict the effects of different operation parameters on the performance of syngas. The parameters include air-coal mass ratio, steam-coal ratio and carbon conversion rate in gasifier. The results show that the increasing of air-coal mass ratio can reduce the effective composition in coal gas, which lead to decrease of cold syngas efficiency, while the increasing of steam-coal ratio can enhance H2 volume percentages. It can help NOx reduction with partial gasification reburning. The results also show that the increasing of carbon conversion rate can add the effective composition in coal gas, but the extent of increasing is not obvious. Therefore we can not deliberately pursue carbon conversion rate for partial gasification.",1
"The pulverized coal entrained-flow gasifier is simulated by Aspen Plus industrial systems flower software and the minimization method of Gibbs free energy. Under the given conditions of pulverized coal entrained-flow gasifier, the effects of content of effective gas (CO+H2) are studied under various ratios of air-coal and various pressures. Under the given conditions of 1 500 ℃ and carbon conversion of 99％, when coal flow volume is 3 265.87 kg/h and the ratio of air/coal is 4∶1, the computational results show that the content of effective gas is maximal. At the same time, the content of effective gas increases with the increasing of the pressure.",2
"A new quartz tube reactor with double hole nozzle has been developed. In the reactor the non-premixed combustion and partial oxygenation process occurred as coke oven gas and pure oxygen were input. The experiment research and numerical simulation on the reactor have been carried on in our lab. The results of temperature distribution, flow field, concentration distribution in the reactor and also the H2/CO ratio in product gas have been obtained. Simulation results show that reactions mainly occur in the oxygen entrance region near by the double hole nozzle in the reactor. The wall temperature of the reactor affects the reaction results deeply. The results of simulation for the temperature distribution and flow field agree that of experimental well.",2
"In this article, five coal with high slurring quality, four coal with low slurring quality and two coal with medium slurring quality is taken as sample for blending coal’s slurring experiment. The blend coal is made of high slurring quality and low slurring quality coal in 1∶1 proportion. The slurring results show the low slurring quality coal’s CWS’ concentration is improved by blending with the high slurring quality coal. The higher slurring quality blend coal contains Huainan B coal and Shenhuo coal. The lowest slurring quality blend coal is blended by Huating coal and Dahuizhan coal, whose CWS’ concentration is 61.58%. It is got from the experiment that the Huainan B coal is an excellent coal for coal blending to improve the slurring quality of the low slurring quality coal. Dahuizhan coal has high slurring quality, but it doesn’t suitable for coal blending to improve the slurring quality of the low slurring quality coal.",1
"The middle distillate oil is the main product of coal liquefaction. In this paper, the group composition change of middle distillate oil from coal liquefaction before and after hydrocracking was investigated in an autoclave at different temperature and time using FV-20 as catalyst. The results show that the content of saturates gradually increase with the temperature and time increasing under 400 ℃. It reaches the minimum. under 440 ℃ for 40 min. The n-C12-27 of saturates decreasing with the increasing of temperature, cyclic-saturates change not too much. The content of aromatics increases and has a maximum 82.65% under 440 ℃ for 30 min. The content of mono-aromatics increase but di-aromatics and multi-aromatics decrease. The content of polar compounds decreased. When the temperature lower than 400 ℃, the gaseous hydrocarbon mainly concludes CH4, C2H6 and C3H8. With the increasing reaction temperature, C4H10 appears in the gaseous hydrocarbon, but its yield changes not too much.",2
"After surfurating Fe2O3, FeSO4 and FeS under moderate conditions, they were characterized by XRD, TEM and EDS, and the catalytic activity of them compared through liquefaction experiments for the coal sample from Wucaiwan with high inertinite. XRD and EDS results show that they were produced Fe1-xS after sulfurating them. As a target of oil yield the catalytic activity of them before and after surfurating order Fe2O3>FeSO4>FeS and （Fe1-xS）FeSO4>（Fe1-xS）Fe2O3>（Fe1-xS）FeS. Especially after sulfurating FeSO4, SEM shows that it formed into regular nano-ball and its particle size became much small obviously, the catalytic activity enhanced prominently, and yields of oil and conversion increased percentage points of 11.5 and 7, namely, reached 74.71% and 79.8% respectively.",1
"The optimization concentration of ammonium thiosulfate, ammonium thiocyanate and free ammonia in desulfurization solutions were selected, better temperature of mixing coke oven gas from preliminarily cool tower was chose and the opration parameters of precooling tower, ammonia distillation tower and circulation water were optimized by analyzing the data of ZL method to desulfuration and dehydrogenization in AG. Under these optimal condition, the desulfuration efficiency of the no.1, no.2 and no.3 remove sulfuration tower achieved 40%, 80% and 91% respectively, and the total efficiency of desulfuration and dehydrogenization of ZL method achieved 98%.",3
"In this paper, the desulfurization effect of various desulfurizer in coal washing process was investigated. The removal of total sulfur and various forms of sulfur in coal under different desulfurizer and experimental condition was researched. The results show that the effect of sodium hypochlorite and hydrogen peroxide as oxidant removing inorganic sulfur in coal is very effective, and that methanol and N,N-dimethylethanolamine as extraction agent could remove effectively organic sulfur in coal. The oxidation desulfurizer and the extraction desulfurizer have cooperative effect, so the combination of the both could increase the desulfurization effect of total sulfur in coal. In addition, the irradiation of microwave and ultrasound could improve the desulfurization efficiency of organic sulfur in coal.",1
"By comparing quality of gas coal and lean coal, the coke block pattern of plastometer index and optical texture of coke, it showed the inert structure was high coked from gas coal and lean coal, which can make the blend coal thin. But the coking capacity of them was completely different, comparison of micro-structure of coke formation of single kind of coal, the reactivity of gas coal was higher. The self-caking intensity and the coke microstructure were further compared, the results indicates the grain size of gas coal cannot oversize and also cannot undersize, it should be controlled in the reasonable size, which can improve coke quality when it participated in blending. The coke quality also can be improved by reasonable comminuting lean coal.",2
"High-thermal-conductivity carbon material is a focus of new carbon material research field. With few QIs coal tar pitch as raw material in this work, the thermoplastic elastomer mesophase pitch was prepared by the different thermal polymerization time. The mesophase pitchs containing various TI were moulded respectively at 25 ℃ to 600 ℃ under 3.12 MPa. The effect of hot press molding on the development of ordered mesophase was studied. The results showed that: when TS contents of mesophase pitch lay between 10.7% to 26.3%, the ordered columnar billet was successfully preparaed by hot press molding. It is shown by polarizing microscope that the regional mesophase displayed a sort structure of long fibrous, highly ordered and the mesophase liquid crystal molecules were aligned perpendicular to the compressing direction in the molding process. After carbonization at 1 100 ℃, the longitudinal and lateral resistivity range of the carbon block precursor was 1.78 Ω·m-2.99 Ω·m, 0.83 Ω·m-1.41 Ω·m, respectively. It exhibited a sort of preferred orientation and easy graphitization, so it was the ideal precursor for the high-thermal-conductivity carbon block.",0
"An experimental study was conducted to investigate the devolatilization and morphology characteristics of three typical Chinese bituminous coals in thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) by varying the coal particle size. Coal chars were then analyzed by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) for surface morphology. The devolatilization rate is not greatly influenced by the particle size around millimeter range in this study, however different coal types show distinct morphological characters even under similar proximate and ultimate analysis. For coals with less fluidity, it is easier to crack in pyrolysis process as the particle diameter increases. Coal with fluidity has a rough and quite fluffy surface after pyrolysis and a higher ratio of swelling but shows less cracking tendency.",0
"The differences of property between the desulphurization slag of CFB boiler and the fly ash of PF boiler were compared, the hydrating capacity and the gelling property of the desulphurization slag of CFB boiler was analyzed. It was found that the reactivity of desulphurization slag comes from those amorphous material Al2O3 of and SiO2, and although those materials of CaO and Ⅱ-CaSO4 are beneficial to inducing the pozzolanic activity of slag, to increasing its gelling property, they also provide a great expansive force during hydration, which causes the instability of hydras. The expansibility of hydras is mainly caused by the forming of ettringite during hydration, the concentration of sulfate radical (SO2-4) ion in hydras plays a key role for the long-term stability of ettringite, and the CaO in desulphurization slag has an indirect effect on the expansion of hydras.",2
"The fluidized behavior of ternary mixtures of pine char, coal char, and coal ash has been investigated. The effect of coal ash on the mixing of coal char and pine char was expressed through mixing index. It was found that decreasing ash diameter, increasing ash content in a certain range, and increasing gas velocity would improve the mixing of coal char and pine char. Moreover, the increase of ash content enriched pine char on the upper part of fluidized bed column.",2
"In the co-gasification process of coal and biomass, fluidization properties of the mixtures are the co-fluidization of two kinds of chars in the fluidized bed. This paper reports the experimental findings related to fluidization characteristics of well-mixed binary mixtures composited by coal char and biomass char with different particle sizes and different mass composition ratio. The experimental results showed that the addition of coke can improve fluidization characteristics of biomass chars significantly, and that the mixing and segregation behavior of binary mixtures varied with particle size as well as density and gas flow. For well-mixed mixtures, coke is smaller than corncob-char in diameter, and the minimum fluidization velocities decreased with coke compositions, but on contrary the minimum fluidization velocities increased with coke compositions for segregated mixtures.",2
"An overview is presented on the experiment and modeling study of effective diffusivity through the ash layer, which is a key parameter when describing coal char particle combustion or gasification. There are two theories studying the effective diffusivity. Ash layer is a porous media, so the theory of diffusion through porous media can be adopted. On the other hand, coal char combustion or gasification is gas-solid reaction, so the gas-solid reaction theory can be used. Some suggestions on studying the effective diffusivity in the future are also given.",2
"The production capacity of low-temperature coal tar is increasing with the development of domestic coal low-temperature pyrolysis technique. In order to improve the utilization efficiency of low-temperature coal tar and solve the environmental problems in the combustion process, the properties, composition，processes and economic of two main routes(fuel type and fuel-chemical type)of low-temperature coal tar were researched. The result shows that low-temperature coal tar processing should be selected fuel-chemical type route which extracted phenols first, and then hydrogenation. This route by which the high value-added components in low-temperature coal tar was efficiently used, with a reasonable process and a short investment recovery period, is a prospect route for industrial production.",0
"Investigation of arsenic content and occurrence in coal of Guizhou coal showed that arsenic content is large, and its arithmetic average content reaches 93.31 mg/kg, which is much larger than that in coal of other coal fields in China (4.09 mg/kg). The sequence of the average levels of arsenic occurrence in coal is: residual arsenic(56.74%)＞Fe-Mn oxide arsenic (20-74%)＞sulfide arsenic (15.20%)＞organic arsenic (5.07%)＞carbonate arsenic (1.73%)＞soluble and exchangeable arsenic. Arsenic in coal is mainly residual arsenic, and Fe-Mn oxide arsenic is the second highest. There is a coal sample exception, whose content is lower than other samples relatively, and organ arsenic is the largest in all modes. With previous studies, the result can be inferred that the coal is mainly organic arsenic, but not easy to extract.",0
"By means of non-uniform electric field with DC high-voltage, researches on the positive corona charging characteristics of flowing pulverized coal. In order to find out the optimal technological condition of pulverized coal’s charge-to-mass ratio and its influencing factors, based on single-factor experiments, the main factors as the charged voltage, mean sieving particle size and powder feed concentration are determined. The best technological conditions have been pre-sented by orthogonal test, and the results have been examined by variance analysis. According to the analysis results, obtained regression formula of pulverized coal’s charge-to-mass ratio and its influencing factors by using least square regression analysis.",2
"The effects of particle sizes, atmosphere condition and residual carbon content on the melting characteristics of Huolinhe lignite ash was investigated. Based on the discussion of the change of ash compositions, the variation of the compositions of mineral under different temperatures was employed by XRD. Results shows that the change of ash melting point (AMP) caused by particle size is due to the variation of total alkali content in ash; the modification of AMP in different atmospheres results from the generation of fayalite and hercynite, which come from the reactions between the wustite and gehlenite, anorthite; the difference of AMP caused by residual carbon content is the result of the formation of Fe3C, reducing atmosphere and the “skeleton” of residual carbon within the ash cone.",2
"In order to understand the difference between protogenous trial sample and the grinding trial sample, from Shanxi Lingshi coal preparation plant the author gets the pilot sample, and then gets the protogenous trial sample and the grinding trial sample through preparing, looking for the difference of physical properties between them in quality and density. Insult shows that through grinding of the coal, the ash significantly increase and the ash of coarser coal is higher. Although there are no universal rules of the total sulfur and the granularity of grinding coal, the sulfate sulfur has a negative correlation with the granularity, the pyrites sulfur has a positive correlation with the granularity. The yield and total sulfur in every particle size fraction keep the trend with the protogenous coal, but the ash of different particle size is no homogeneous of the grinding coal.",1
"A float-sink method and a laser particle size analyzer were used to study the mineral matter distribution in industrial pulverized coals. The influence of coal rank, ash contents and mill types were studied. It was found that there is a decrease in ash content with an increase in particle size for all samples. The coal with higher rank or higher ash content showed a larger decrease in ash content with an increase in particle size. But the influence of mill type is negligible.",0
"Coal from Wulanchabu was selected to research the effects of dry distillation on the gaseous products during the coal underground gasification. The pyrolysis experiments were completed in a large diameter fixed bed reactor at 150 ℃-800 ℃. The results show that gas can not release lower than 400 ℃ in large size and the yield rate of total gas increase with the temperature increasing, the average of pore size and pore volume first increased and then decrease. The trends of gaseous of large lump lignite pyrolysis products are similar in different size coal, but there are more slower and large output in 5 cm square coal. During the slow heating and medium-speed heating, the heating speed of 5 ℃/min can significantly increase the weight loss and gas yield.",2
"Rainging from bituminous coals that contain low degree of codification to high rank anthracite, as well as petroleum cokes for coal gasification were carried out in the lab. Under the premise of assuring the mixed coals ash fusion temperature is to meet with discharging liquid ash, some higher rank coal and/or petroleum cokes are chosen as increasing concentration of low rank CWS by blending. The slurryability of mixed coals water slurry was also investigated. The test results show that the CWS’s concentration of high rank coal is higher than that of low rank coal, the CWS’s concentration of middle rank coal is about 70%, the apparent viscosity is 536 mPa·s, and the flowage property is given A grade. When the CWS’s concentration is to keep in 62%, the CWS’s apparent viscosity of 3 kinds of feedstock blend which contains low rank coal is 340 mPa·s-550 mPa·s, and can satisfy the need of CWS’s gasification technology of liquid ash discharge.",2
"The middle distillate oil is the main product of coal liquefaction. In this paper, the group composition change of middle distillate oil from coal liquefaction before and after hydrocracking was investigated in an autoclave at different temperature and time using FV-20 as catalyst. The results show that the content of saturates gradually decrease with the temperature and time increasing before it reachs 400 ℃. It reaches its minimum when it is 440 ℃ after 40 minutes. The n-C12-27 of saturates decreasing with the growing of temperature, whereas cyclic-saturates doesn’t change much. The content of aromatics increases and has its maximum of 82.65% when it is 440 ℃ after 30 minutes, and content of mono-aromatics increase but diand multi-aromatics decrease. The content of polar compounds is also decreasing. When the temperature is lower than 400 ℃, the gaseous hydrocarbon which mainly concludes CH4, C2H6, C3H8 react differently. With the increasing the reaction temperature, C4H10 appears in the gaseous hydrocarbon, but its yield doesn’t changes too much.",2
"Pyrolysis temperature is one of the important factors that affect the char gasification reactivity. In this paper, the coal char samples were prepared under different pyrolysis temperatures with briquette and raw coal of similar size. The effect of pyrolysis temperature on char gasification reactivity was studied, and gasification properties of two kinds of semi-coke were compared. The results show that, the coal chars had high gasification reactivity above 1 000 ℃, and at the same time the reactivity of briquette semi-coke was slightly higher than that of raw lignite char. The two kinds of coal char both had the highest gasification reactivity when pyrolysis temperature was in the range of 650 ℃-700 ℃.",2
"To improve the thermal property of coke, the inhibition to coke deterioration by spraying starch as a new deterioration inhibitor was investigated. The structure and morphology of coke were scanned to explain starch’s inhibition mechanism to coke by SEM. It was found that the CRI decreased by 4.08% and the CSR improved by 3.99% when spraying 1.0% starch. SEM scanning results showed that both the coke surface pore diameter and the depth had decreased sharphy, it helps to reduce CO2 to erode coke.",2
"Hydro-upgrading of Lurgi furnace wide distillation range coal tar from Yunnan Jiehua Company was carried out on 100 mL hydrogenation unit using different property self-made hydrogenation catalysts. The results revealed that the reaction temperature, pressure, volume ratio of hydrogen to oil and liquid hourly space velocity (LHSV) had great effect on catalytic performance of the catalysts. Under the optimized conditions of 12.0 MPa, 360 ℃, 1.0 h-1 and volume ratio of hyrdogen to oil 1 200∶1, the hydrogenation products contains about 9% of naphtha, 78% of diesel oil and 13% of hydrogenation tail oil. Hydrogenation unit realized stable operation and the catalysts exhibited high activity and stability lasted for about 1 114 h without obvious deactivity.",2
"The full-size three-dimensional numerical simulation study on two kinds of low calorific value coal-bed gas burner before and after improvement is conducted. Two kinds of bur-ner’s velocity field, temperature field and concentration field distribution are presented. The results show that the improved burner not only produces central backflow region and outer backflow region, but also has good jet flow rigidity. The improved burner has a wide ratio for regulating the concentration of methane when combusts the gas which mechane volume concentration is low about 20 percent, can also maintain a high combustion temperature, and has a wide region of high temperature distribution, and has high combustion efficiency.",2
"Three different materials such as sodium silicate, bentonite, red mud were chosen as the inorganic binder, which were mixed into the powder of low rank bituminous coals from Shenmu or Yuzhou to make coal briquette in four ration. The results of coal strength determination show that the cold strength is increased with the binder ration, thereinto, the cold strength of coal briquette with bentonite is far higher than that of these briquette with sodium silicate or red mud. Further analysis of micro-structure of coal briquette by electron microscopic also verifies that the cohesion of coal briquette with bentonite is strongest, and it is because that bentonite by form of flower-shaped gels wedges the hole of coal granules and form the net-structure on coal granules surface. Owing to the property of low rank bituminous coal, the coal briquette made of the coal is always sensitive to the forming pressure. The cold strength of coal briquette increases with the forming pressure at first, and 20 kN is the optimum pressure, then it decreases.",3
"The chemical vapor deposition growth of carbon nanotubes (CNTs) from acetylene, catalyzed by mesoporous molecular sieves (Fe/MCM-41 and Fe/ABW) with different Fe-loading was investigated. The effects of the reaction temperature, catalyst kind and catalyst pretreatment were discussed. The structures and morphologies of the products were characterized by field emission scanning electron microscopy, high-resolution transmission electron microscopy, and X-ray diffraction, and the growth mechanism of CNTs was also proposed. The results show that CNTs with uniform diameter of 20 nm-30 nm and good crystallization degree were obtained using H2-reduced catalysts at 700 ℃.",0
"A simple preparation of bimodal porous support was to introduce ZrO2 into bigger pores of formless SiO2 directly, then a kind of eggshell catalyst based on this bimodal porous support was prepared. The structure and reduction property of the catalysts were characterized by SEM, EDS, Brunner-Enunett-Teller(BET) and temperature-programmed-reduction(TPR) techniques. The results show that the BET surface area and pore volume of catalyst were increased compared to the original silica gel and catalyst, catalysis activity and selectivity for C+5 hydrocarbon. The CO conversion are 89.87%-96.58%, the selectivity for C+5 hydrocarbon is 76.8%-84.7%, and the alkene/alkane rate in tail gas is close to zero at the condition of temperature 250 ℃, pressure 2 MPa, and airspeed 500 h-1.",2
"Co-Pd/TiO2 catalysts with V and Mo were prepared by incipient impregnation method. The catalysts were evaluated in fixed-bed reactor, and its catalytic activities for the conversion of CH4-CO2 to acetic acid were studied. The catalyst characterization were determined by XRD, NH3-TPD and H2-TPR. The results showed that the addition of V and Mo affected the carrier crystal and superficial acid state, and was propitious to active metal reduction and the distribution of acetive metal on the carrier surface, thereby promoted the catalytic activity.",3
"In this paper, CO shift reaction which is a section of the methanol synthesis process using the HT-L pulverized coal gasification is simulated by Aspen Plus industrial systems flower software, which is based on a domestic coal chemical industry. The content of CO after shift reaction is investigated by RK-ASPEN and ELECNTL physical property methods under the given conditions. The computational results show that the molar content of CO decreases to 19.700％ from original 69.578％ under the given temperature of 210 ℃ and pressure of 3.6 MPa, and which is suit for the requirement of methanol synthesis process. At the same time, compared with the experimental data, the present model can simulate the CO shift reaction very well.",2
"Based on PROII simulation software, the density of pure H2, CO in methanol synthesis system and the volume of methanol, CH3OH-CO-H2 mixture with the changes in temperature and pressure were researched. Effects of pressure and temperature on the equilibrium composition in methanol synthesis system were further studied based on results. The results showed pressure had greater influence on character. What’s more, the simulated values agreed with experimental values at lower pressure, equilibrium composition was same to experimental results. Lower temperature-higher pressure had advantage to improve equilibrium composition of methanol. And CH3OH synthesis was researched basing on syngas produced by opposed multiple burner pulverized coal gasifier, the optimized conditions were pressure: 9 MPa-10 MPa, inlet temperature: ~260 ℃, inlet CO2 concentration: 6%-8% (percent of volume) when copper-base catalyst was used.",2
"On the range of 60 ℃-110 ℃, 0.5 MPa-1.75 MPa, 1 h-1-3.5 h-1 LHSV, the ratio 0.3∶80-0.3∶350 of oil to gas, the influence of the technologic conditions on the content of light oil and saturated vapor pressure of M15(15% methanol) in the reaction process of light oil of M15 under the catalysis of Hβ zeolite. The result shows that the optimal technologic conditions are 90 ℃, 1.0 MPa, 1.0 h-1 LHSV, the 0.3∶135 ratio of oil to gas. Under these conditions, the content of volatile component decreased and the saturated vapor pressure of M15 reduced remarkably from 75 kPa-76 kPa to 64 kPa-66 kPa.",2
"The basic concept and characteristics of CLC were introduced. The mechanism of solid fuels CLC was analyzed. The research progress of oxygen carriers was summarized. Several kinds of reactors in CLC were discussed, among which interconnected fluidized bed reactor would be focused in future research. Besides, three kinds of extended CLC technologies, i.e. the chemical-looping hydrogen (CLH), chemical-looping reforming (CLR), and chemical-looping with oxygen uncoupling (CLOU) were compared. Finally, the existing problems and further research fields were proposed.",2
"The experimental results of PDU and the technologic characteristics of four types of catalytic gasification process, with the purpose of respectively producing the synthetic natural gas-methane by pressuried fluidized gasifier at the Exxon of USA, the medium heating value fuel gas by pressuried spouted fluidized gasifier at the UBC of Canada, and by internaly circulating fluidized gasifier with draft tube at KAIST of Korea, the industrial fuel gas by the “Catalytic Gasification and Ash-cinder Calcination” integration system (i.e. CGAC) at the Fuzhou University of China, were reiewed and compared. It is clear that in order to provide more effictive information on the scaled-up engineering design the new PDU of catalytic fluidized gasifier providing heat with burning of coal itself needs to be establised urgently and special experiments in this PDU requires quickly in processing. Since the great demand in the market of industrial fuel and synthetic gases, preferentially developing the CGAC integration patent will make more progress in an actual industrialization processing of catalytic gasification technology.",1
