text,label
"By means of the fractional extraction method assisted by ultrasonic vibration, four gas coal samples with different deformation degree from Jinyuan coalmine, Shandong province extracted by three solvents, including benzene, carbon disulfide(CS2) and tetrahydrofuran (THF) under the condition of room temperature, and further the group compositions and chemical compositions of coal samples were measured by column chromatography method, ultimate and proximate analysis method. The results show that the extraction rate shows the increasing trend with the increasing of the deformation extent of coal body structure; under the effect of solvent extraction, the content of element C and H increase but that of element S and O decrease. The tendency is mainly caused by the change of the relative content of each element; as the deformation degree of coal body structure increases, the content of total hydrocarbon increases but the content of non-hydrocarbon decreases in the extracted gas coal. It shows the opposite trend of anthracite with different deformation degree. Although the coal body structure is different, the relative content of group composition of different solvent extraction in each coal sample shows a consistency tendency.",1
"The existence forms of the water contained in the two kinds of the lignites from Inner Mongolia, China were investigated by the methods of low temperature differential scanning calorimetry and constant temperature drying. The results show that the lignites contain the water with three different congelation characteristics, free water, bound water and nonfreezable water and the content of three waters is closely related to coal type. It is also found that the drying rate of the free water is much greater than that of the bound water. According to the existence form and congelation characteristics of the water contained in the lignites, it can be inferred that Datang Wujianfang lignite possess a larger ratio of micropore volume to total volume than that of Xilingol lignite and the ratio of micropore volume of the Chinese lignite is larger than that of Australia lignite. Meanwhile, it is verified by the porosity analyzing result that the ratio of micropore volume of Datang Wujianfang lignite is greater than that of Xilingol lignite and the result is consonant with the change in the congelation characteristics of the water contained in the lignite.",0
"In order to investigate the influence of flue gas temperature and particle size, an experiment was carried out to obtain the drying features of lignite particles at different initial gas temperature (600 ℃-900 ℃) and particle size (10 mm-25 mm). It was found that the falling-rate drying period was the main drying period. And the influence of flue gas on the drying was less significant during the high temperature (600 ℃-900 ℃) compared with the low temperature. Specific to the lignite drying process feature of water migration and pore characteristics, this kinetics model that the reducing of water was mainly resulted from evaporation out of coal particles drying was established on the basis of Knudsen diffusion law, and the effective diffusivity coefficient (De) of different flue gas temperature was calculated. At the same time, the activated energy for the moisture diffusion of different particle size(10 mm-25 mm) were calculated by applying Arrhenius type relationship.",0
"Yining coal was crushed to 5 mm-8 mm and heated up to 500 ℃, 600 ℃ and 700 ℃ under N2 atmosphere or CO2 atmosphere, respectively, in a fixed bed reactor through temperature programming. Seven species phenols in tar were identified and quantified by GC-MS. Effect of CO2 on distributive characters of pyrolysis products was investigated by comparing with the yield of products in N2 atmosphere. The results showed that CO2 atmosphere promoted Yining coal tar formation. At 700 ℃, total amount of phenolic compounds under N2 atmosphere was 1.3 times higher than that under N2 atmosphere. In addition, the production of 7 species phenolic compounds decreased with temperature increasing. CO2 atmosphere had effect on the ratio of phenolic species. The proportion of xylenols increased to 7.66% at 700 ℃.",0
"The product distributions of co-pyrolysis of biomass and coal are closely related to the operation conditions. Low-temperature co-pyrolysis of Eichhornia crassipes and low-rank coal blends were undertaken in a special fixed bed reactor by way of orthogonal experiments to explore the optimal way and improve the yields of pyrolysis oil. The results show that the logical progression of factors are as follows: final temperature＞proportion＞particle diameter＞heat preservation time. The maximum yield of pyrolysis oil is 11.70% when the EC ratio is 35%, the final temperature is 550 ℃, the particle diameter of EC is 0.355 mm-0.500 mm and the heat preservation time is 25 min, which increased by 3.36% compared with before. After optimization, the content of benzene reaches 63.17% supported by GC-MS, which rise by 81.99%. Ultimate analysis and heat value analysis indicates that there is little or no variation in n(H)∶n(C) and heat value of pyrolysis oil. The yield of pyrolysis oil has been increased without impairing the quality.",0
"Study on gasification characteristics of typical coal in Guizhou Province with high ash fusion temperature is carried out during plug flow. A corresponding gasification model which is based on the shrinking core model and the dynamic-diffusion model has been built in accordance with the boundary conditions of the experimental gasifier. The result shows that when the temperature increased form 1 200 ℃ to 1 500 ℃, the volume fraction of CO2 decreases by 15%, the volume fraction of CO increases by 16%, the volume fraction of H2 increases by 2%, the carbon conversion increases by 20%; at the same temperature, when the concentration of coal slurry increases by 5%, the volume fraction of CO increases by 3%, the concentration of H2 increases by 0.5%, the carbon conversion decreases by 1.5%. The calculated result is corresponding to the experiment result well. It is suggested that the concentration of coal slurry should be improved as high as possible, so that there will be more effective components of syngas.",0
Aspen Plus software is used to simulate the production system of syngas in Zhundong. The effect of some important operation parameters such as n(O)∶n(C) and the steam proportion of gasifying agent in coal gasifier on the gasification production has been studied. The differences in economical efficiency between Zhundong coal and bituminous coal are compared under the same gasifying conditions. The effect of sensible heat reclaiming of crude syngas on economical efficiency has been discussed. The result shows that the gasification economical efficiency of Zhundong coal is higher than bituminous coal but the integrated efficiency is opposite. Using sensible heat to heat the gasifying agent is better than quench process when the steam proportion of gasifying agent is high.,1
"A numerical simulation based on volume of fluid to simulate the impact process of gas jet in quench chamber of gasifier. The simulation results were compared with the results of experiments. The evolution process of scour pool has been obtained. Two parameters such as characteristic and characteristic radius were introduced. Research shows that the depth and the radius of scour pool present the trend of accelerating growth and becomes steady finally with the increasing of the velocity of gas jet. With the decreasing of the static submerged depth of downcomer outlet, the increase of depth and radius of scour pool presents relatively flat and these two parameters decrease.",0
"The coal object was obtained from Xigou in Xinjiang, tetralin as hydrogen donor and pulping solvent, the appropriate liquefaction conditions of Xigou coal was determined with orthogonal and single factor experiment. The result showed that the suitable liquefaction conditions was T=435 ℃, p=7 MPa, m(solvent)∶m(coal)=1.75∶1 and t=60 min, under this condition, η(oil)=75.33%. The effect on liquefaction of coal particle size and ultrasonic treatment were further discussed and carried on direct liquefaction experiment of Xigou coal after grinded with Colloid mill. The result showed that the particle size was 9.98 μm of grinded 1 h coal and oil yield was 59.96%; the particle size was 2.60 μm of grinded 2 h coal and oil yield was 60.03%; the particle size was 1.10 μm of grinded 3 h coal and oil yield was 60.02%; the particle size was 0.76 μm of grinded 4 h coal and oil yield was 60.06%. If the grinded coal after ultrasonic treatment were carried on direct liquefaction, coal of grinded 1 h, 2 h, 3 h, 4 h, the oil yield were 80.73%, 81.25%, 84.27% and 82.63% and increased 20.77%, 21.22%, 24.25% and 22.57% than without respectively.",0
"A comparison of two pathways on NO desorption reaction between the nitrogen-containing char edge model in armchair configuration and O2 was explained in this paper based on Mayer bond order theory and transition state theory at the molecular level. To release intermediate HCN firstly in the char combustion process was the first pathway for the formation of NO. Another pathway was to release NO from the reaction with O2 directly. The reaction energy and energy barrier of every step in the two pathways were calculated. The results show that the model’s Mayer bond orders of N2—C4 and C1—C3 are minimum so that it can extract HCN when the two bonds break. The energy barrier for this process to overcome is 451.671 kJ/mol. On the other hand in the process of direct oxidation to produce NO it can be found that the Mayer bond order of C1—N2 is minimum when the model’s Mayer bond order is calculated. NO can be desorpted in the end when the bond is break. The energy barrier from M1 to M2 to overcome is 259.81 kJ/mol. The energy barrier from M2 to NO is 133.1 kJ/mol. Therefore, the second pathway, which is to generate NO directly by the reaction between O2 and the selected char edge model, is relatively easy.",0
The representative stamping cokes were selected to investigate the reaction behavior of coke and CO2 at different temperature through the continuous thermal weight loss equipment in this paper. The results indicated that the conversion of reaction coke with CO2 was shown a linear rule to reaction time at the isothermal condition and 30% finally weight loss of coke. The reaction dynamic was according with zero level reaction and the apparent activity energy was about 89 kJ/mol-151 kJ/mol. There was a high correlation between pulverized degree of carbons solution loss and the apparent porosity and activity energy of cokes. The coke pulverization was main due to extended and opened pore.,0
"This paper presented the preparation of L-tar (light coal tar) fractions in a low temperature coal tar from Shanbei by vacuum distillation. Seven fractions containing <100 ℃, 100 ℃-170 ℃, 170 ℃-200 ℃, 200 ℃-240 ℃, 240 ℃-270 ℃, 270 ℃-300 ℃ and 300 ℃-340 ℃ were isolated. The composition and distribution of fractions were characterized by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). The results show that about 95%(mass fraction) of coal tar is obtained at 340 ℃ fraction. Fat hydrocarbon compounds are distributed in each fraction. Anthracene phenanthrene compounds are mainly enriched in 170 ℃-240 ℃ fraction. Low-boiling phenols are concentrated in the fraction of <100 ℃, and the content of phenols is about 45%, in which the contents of phenol and cresol are 7.46% and 13% respectively. High-boiling phenols were mainly distributed in 100 ℃-170 ℃ and 170 ℃-200 ℃ fractions. A few of low-boiling phenols and olefin are found in 270 ℃-300 ℃ and 300 ℃-340 ℃ fractions, may be caused by the thermal decomposition of long-chain alkane and high-boiling phenols at high temperature.",0
"The oxygen uncoupling and absorption properties of CuO oxygen-carrier for chemical-looping with oxygen uncoupling (CLOU) process were investigated using thermogravimetric analysis (TGA), including oxygen uncoupling properties under different oxygen partial condition, different heating rates, different temperatures and oxygen absorption properties of Cu2O at different temperatures. Then the resistance abilities were also tested in TGA. At the latter part of the paper, dyramic parameters of the CuO carrier were put into calculation and analysis applying Achar-Brindley-Sharp-Wendworth equation. According to the research results, it is found that the oxygen uncoupling rate was faster at higher reaction temperatures. And the oxygen uncoupling temperature rises with the increase of oxygen concentration, which is evidenced by the increasing apparent activation energy of CuO. As for Cu2O, oxygen absorption rate seems to be faster when temperature increases. In addition, the oxygen uncoupling and absorption properties of CuO oxygen-carrier decreases with the increasing cycle numbers.",0
"The effect of additives on the combustion characteristic and ash melting temperature of Chongqing Nantong high ash content bituminous coal under O2/CO2, O2/N2 atmosphere was studied by the thermogravimetric-differential analyzer and ash melting point tester. The experimental results show that CaCl2, Ca(OH)2 and CaCO3 can effectively enhance the activity of pulverized coal response surface and reduce the temperature of coal reaction activation energy, the igniting and the burnout. And these additives can improve coal combustibility index C and burnout index Cb as well. The ability of promoting effects is CaCl2＞Ca(OH)2＞CaCO3. CaCl2 can increase the heat quantity of unit pulverized coal, and improve the combustion efficiency of pulverized coal. Additive Ca(OH)2 and CaCO3 can significantly reduce the ash melting temperature, and increase the possibility of coal ash slagging. Therefore, CaCl2 has good comprehensive performance and it is an effective additive for inferior coal combustion.",0
"Adopting Taixi anthracite as raw material, the electrochemical performance as lithium ion secondary battery anode materials was studied in the different processing temperatures, the experimental results show the Taixi anthracite have a high reversible capacity calcined at 1 000 ℃-1 150 ℃ in low potential range of 0 V-0.12 V. The highest capacity of 370 mA·h/g was obtained with the Taixi anthracites calcined at 1 100 ℃. The large reversible capacity due to its hard carbon produced a certain amount after graphitization microporous, the specific surface area of the material was effectively improved, it was advantageous to the electrolyte and the spread of the electron.",0
"The percentage of volatile matter is higher in biomass than coal, the plant ash is in alkaline in carbide, and the content of potassium is higher. The effect of cow dung and straw on the performance of activated carbon was studied in this paper. The results of the study show that the straw and cow durg have important effect on the process of carbonization, the effect of straw is more superior to cow dung in adsorption capacity of carbide, the improvement of adsorption performance was significantly by the treatment of ash of carbide.",0
"A briquette was prepared with Shicaocun coal slime by cold-pressed process, single factor and orthogonal experiments were adopted to study the effect of the ratio of binder and coal blending on the briquette quality. The results show that adding a small amount of binder A or D could make the briquette having good cold strength. The ratio of coal blending and binder D were the main factors of briquette quality, high strength briquette “skeleton” could be cured with binder D and coal particles, but the briquette ash content increased and the calorific value reduced. Blended with raw coal would increase the coal slime briquette calorific value and reduce its ash content, but it also will reduce the briquette strength. Forming with coal slime, the optimum formulation was 5% binder A or 4% binder D. Forming with slime and raw coal, the appropriate ratio of coal blending was 8(slime)∶2(coal) and 7% binder D.",0
"The SO3/DCE system was proved to be a high reactive sulfonation reagent used to sulfonate HA under mild conditions. After optimization of the dosage of sulfonating agent, reaction time and temperature, the optimal conditions of sulfonation process was found to be as following, 1 g HA reacts with 1.28 g SO3 at 25 ℃ for 4 h. The successful substitution of —SO3H had been illustrated by FTIR, ultimate analysis and XPS. Compared with the traditional sulfuric acid method, the sulfonation effect of this new process was better, and the degree of —SO3H substitution increased 2-fold.",0
"A demonstrative experiment of 4 t/h coal-fired boiler is applied to make a burning test that using five kinds of coals, monitored the air pollutants emission in different conditions of coal property, and calculated the air pollutants emission coefficients of different coals. The results showed that under the same conditions, the boiler’s air pollutants emission is different to five kinds of coals. The produce concentration of dust smoke is between 328.86 mg/m3 and 3 634 mg/m3 while its emission concentration is from 30.26 mg/m3 to 72.91 mg/m3, the output of dust is 0.7 kg/h-11.7 kg/h and the emissions is 0.07 kg/h-0.31 kg/h. The formation concentration of SO2 is from 199 mg/m3 to 3 565 mg/m3 with the production of 0.83 kg/h-16.21 kg/h, its emission concentration is between 69 mg/m3 and 1 443 mg/m3 while its emissions is 0.34 kg/h-7.51 kg/h. The formation concentration of NOx is from 173 mg/m3 to 336 mg/m3 with the production of 0.75 kg/h-1.521 kg/h, while its emission concentration is between 159 mg/m3 and 371 mg/m3 with the emissions of 0.67 kg/h-1.93 kg/h. Generated concentration of SO3 at 0.000 4 mg/m3-0.001 5 mg/m3 and its emission concentration is 0.000 15 mg/m3-0.000 93 mg/m3. The experimental results also indicate that the concentrations of dust and SO2 are individually mainly related to ash content of coal and sulfur content of burning coal, but the concentration of NOx isn’t relevant to nitrogen content of coal. In addition, the discharging coefficients of SO2 and NOx are similar with national survey of pollution sources coefficients, while the dust emission coefficient is smaller.",0
"Mineral distribution in 14# Huolinhe coal was studied by means of reflection polarizing microscope and scanning electron microscopy (SEM). Float-sink analysis and maceral quantitative statistical method were used to study the distribution, occurrence and the organic affinity of 6 trace elements in 14# Huolinhe coal. The results show that the mineral content is higher in 14# Huolinhe coal, mainly illite clay minerals; content of trace elements As, Cr and Hg in coal is higher, other three trace elements on the contrary; trace elements As, Cr, Hg, Pb are enriched in minerals conspicuous, mainly for the inorganic state, and the organic affinity is low, the organic affinity degree of trace elements Cd, Se is higher than other 4 trace elements, trace elements Cd and Se basically uniform distribution in organic and mineral components.",1
"The pyrolysis of low rank coal (LRC), enteromorpha(EN) and their mixture were carried out in a special prolysis equipment. The experiments showed that the maximum tar yield of blends was 11.39% with an EN ration of 30%, which increased by 28.61% compared to LRC pyrolysis alone. At this time,the alkanes’ content was 48.66% and the phenolic was 9.12%, which was significantly higher than the content of the corresponding components of the original tar. The n(H)∶n(C) was increased by 9.87%. It indicated the pyrolysis tar became lighter on some degree. The contents of CH4 and H2 in the pyrolysis gas were increased. SEM analysis showed the surface of co-pyrolysis semi-coke became rough and formed obvious center cracks. The calorific value of co-pyrolysis semi-coke was higher than that of semi-coke which was from pyrolysis of LRC.",0
"To study the effect of temperature, drying degree and atmosphere on lignite oxygen-containing functional group and moisture absorption during low-temperature drying, the type and content of oxygen-containing functional group was determined by IR and chemical titration, and moisture absorption characterized by moisture holding capacity. The results showed that the content of carboxyl and phenolic hydroxyl were high in lignite. Phenolic hydroxyl content kept constant, and a small amount of carboxyl decomposed during low-temperature drying at an inert atmosphere. While, when drying at air atmosphere, the content of carboxyl and phenolic hydroxyl increased in consequence of oxidation. With the deepening of drying, MHC of lignite decreased and then increased.",0
"The heat of immersion of Baorixile lignite and its 500 ℃ pyrolysis semi-coke were measured at 25 ℃ in water by μRC micro-calorimeter. The results show that the heat of immersion of semi-coke does not depend on particle size, and the rate of immersed heat release increases with decreasing particle size. Moisture content has substantial influence on the heat of immersion of lignite or semi-coke: no immersed heat release is observed when the moisture content of lignite is more than 16%. When the moisture content of dry coal was less than 16%, the heat of immersion of dry coal increase with decreasing moisture content. The heats of immersion of fresh semi-coke are smaller due to oxidation and moisture adsorption. After 48 h exposure, the heat of immersion of oxidative semi-coke is lowered to 50% of that of fresh semi-coke. The heat of immersion drops to 12% of that of fresh semi-coke after 240 h exposure and remains this level under longer exposure time beyond 240 h. The lignite and semi-coke exhibit significant differences in surface functional groups, which are shown to account for the difference in heat of immersion.",0
"An original creation catalyst adding way was proposed and it can promote the catalytic depolymerization of coal. Based on that, we studied the product distribution and characteristics of catalytic depolymerization of coal. The results show that compared to coal pyrolysis, the catalytic depolymerization of coal can promote tar yield increasing by 26.88%, promote gas calorific value increasing by 30.79% and promote semi-coke surface increasing by 80.65%. It shows that coal catalytic depolymerization has a certain advantages compared to coal pyrolysis.",0
"Beisu coal was extracted with ethanol by Soxhlet extraction. Detailed characterizations of the extract were performed with Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectrometer and gas chromatography/mass spectrometer (GC/MS). The results show that 89 organic species were identified from the extract, and they can be classified into 4 groups components: aliphatic hydrocarbons, arenes, organic-oxygen compounds and other species. The arenes are the most abundant compounds whose relative content is 73.88%, and there are 65 arenes detected in the extractable fraction. The extraction mechanism was based on the formation of O—H…O, O—H…N and O—H…π hydrogen bonds interaction between ethanol and coal organic macromolecular network structure.",1
"In order to explore the catalytic activity of UCG waste water and test the feasibility of the underground coal gasification based on waste water, the catalytic gasification of Ulanqab lignite were carried out under different gasification pressure. The results show that the underground coal gasification waste water has beneficial catalytic effect. The carbon conversion increase from 80.19% to 89.82%. The gas yield increases from 4.2 m3/kg to 5.2 m3/kg, increased 23.8%. Following with the elevation of the reaction pressure, the carbon conversion and gas yield were reduced in different degree, the content of H2, CO and CO2 reduced also; but the content of CH4 continued to increase.",0
"The slurry properties, stability and an industrial gasification test of anthracite petroleum coke water slurry (APCWS) were studied. The results showed that the apparent viscosity of APCWS decreased as petroleum coke addition increased, the disparity of APCWS with naphthalene series of polymer additive was superior to that of lignosulfonate, and the stability of APCWS with lignosulfonate additive had better stability. The industrial gasification test results showed that both of the gasification temperature and limestone content of APCWS were lower than that of refined coal water slurry (RCWS), as well as the oxygen coal slurry ratio during the gasification process was lower. APCWS in test had high gasification reactivity, high carbon conversion and lower carbon content with gasification slag, and which had a better effect of filtering due to uniform particle size. The raw material cost of APCWS for one ton synthetic ammonia production lower than that of RCWS and the economic benefit was notable.",1
"Effect of straw ash on the gasification reaction of char by thermal infrared technology was studied. The results show that under the condition of experiment, the time of coal tar maximum gasification reaction rate shorten about 10 min with straw ash added, the time need to complete the gasification reaction shorten nearly 17 min; and the effect of straw ash on char gasification reactivity is closely related to the straw ash content, when adding amount is 30% the effect is best. Infrared spectrum analysis results show that the addition of straw ash have important influence on functional group structure on the surface of coal tar. Effect of straw ash on char gasification reactivity is realized by improving the surface physical and chemical properties of the coal tar.",0
"The coprocessing of Xinjian Heishan coal with medium temperature coal tar was evaluated with the coal liquefaction experiments in 0.5 L stirring autoclave. The effect of different medium temperature coal tar addition on coprocessing of Xinjian Heishan coal was investigated and compared with direct coal liquefaction. The results show that compared with Xinjiang Heishan coal liquefaction, coal tar coprocessing has the characteristics with high gas yield, hydrogen consumption, conversion and oil yield. The proper coal tar addition benefit coal conversion and oil yield. The optimum addition of coal tar is 5%. The coal conversion and oil yield are increased by 1.6% and 1.1% respectively. When the addittion is more than 20%, the oil yield is reduced. The proper coal tar addition can improve the coal conversion and oil yield and process coal tar. The economic efficiency of coal liquefaction plant is increased.",0
"In 50 L autoclave, pressure variation was studied at different reaction condition for coal and FCCS(fluid catalytic cracking slurry) co-processing. The results show that compared with Fe catalyst and without catalyst, reaction system has lowest reaction pressure and the highest pressure fall when using Mo catalyst. In addition, reaction temperature is lowest using Mo catalyst. Fe catalyst is the next. It shows that Mo catalyst is the better catalyst than Fe. The ratio of coal and FCCS doesn’t show obvious effect on reaction pressure. But reaction temperature shows the important effect on reaction pressure. When reaction temperature is at 400 ℃, pressure always decreases with reaction time, but with the increasing of reaction temperature, the pressure firstly decreases and then increases. The reaction time with pressure fall decreases with the increasing of reaction temperature. The pressure is always increases at constant reaction temperature under N2 atmosphere which result from polycondensation reaction.",0
"Using high temperature coal tar and long flame coal as the main raw material, the paper studied the hydrogenation reaction characteristics of coal processing with tar, and evaluated the pyrolysis properties of coal and high temperature coal tar by TG experiment. Using 500 mL mechanical agitator autoclave experiment, the internal pressure changing under different reaction temperature was studied and the reason was analyzed. The results showed that the internal pressure had the same change trend under different reaction temperature and the reaction was mainly divided into rapidhydrogenation reaction, equilibrium cleavage reaction and speed reducing condensation reaction three stages. The experiment studied the effect of hydrogen distribution changing before and after hydrogenation on the hydrogen donor capacity. The results showed that high temperature coal tar structure altered obviously after prehydrogenation as the content of Hα and Hβ improved. The coal tar performed better as hydrogen donor and promoted the hydrocracking reaction so that the oil yield increased 2% through autoclave experiment validation.",0
"In standard 20 L explosion sphere vessels, using chemical ignition, comparative study on combustion and explosion characteristics of coal-based diesel, military diesel -10 and military diesel -35 was performed. Using continued burning performance analyzer, the combustion performance of diesel was tested, and the burning performance at different temperatures was analyzed. The results show that the maximum explosion pressure and maximum temperature have a rising trend with the spray pressure increase. The maximum explosion pressure and maximum temperature of the coal-based diesel are bigger than that of military diesel -10 and military diesel -35. In unconstrained condition, the burning performance of the coal-based diesel is better than that of military diesel -10 and military diesel -35 to some extent. The experiments obtained the combustion and explosion parameters of the three kinds of diesel under different experimental conditions and carried out quantitative evaluated.",0
"To study the waste heat recovery effect of coke oven gas (COG), two kinds of spiral jacketed pipes at different diversion angle are used in 4.3 m high coke oven’s ascension pipes to test the temperature fluctuation and averaged heat transfer effect of COG. It shows that the temperature of COG fluctuate periodically with coking time. The maximum temperature can reach 825 ℃ and the temperature fluctuation of coke oven gas mainly affect the heat transfer capacity, but less affect the averaged heat transfer coefficient. When the volume flow of nitrogen is 190 m3/h and the temperature of N2 input is 30 ℃, the havg (average heat transfer coefficient) of 91# ascension pipe(diversion angle 4°) is 30.23 W/(m2·℃) and the havg of 92# ascension pipe(diversion angle 3°) is 25.2 W/(m2·℃). The heat transfer model was derived as the flow characteristic of COG and structure of experiment device. The prediction of the model matches the experimental data well, and the maximum relative error is controlled within ±20%.",0
"The gasification reaction behaviors of metallurgical coke and semi-coke were investigated by simulating the conditions of blast furnace. The microstructures of semi-coke were tested by SEM and LOM in order to explain the mechanism of reaction. It is shown that the beginning reaction temperature of semi-coke was low. The reaction rate of semi-coke was much higher than metallurgical coke, which increased quickly with the reaction temperature increasing. After alkali-rich, the alkalis could get into the inside of semi-coke, which lead to high reaction rate of semi-coke for long time. The microstructures of coke are compact which contains lots of mosaic textures. However, the microstructures of semi-coke which contains lots of isotropic texture are lamella in shape that resulted in large specific area. Therefore, the semi-coke was easy to react with CO2 at high temperature.",0
"The coke was prepared by cold pressing and dry distillation with the low rank pulverized coal powder as material , and the starch as the binder . The compressive strength,drop strength and strength after soaking compressive of coke and briquette were measured. The scanning electron microscopy(SEM) was adopted to analyze the type of briquette and coke microstructure. The impacts of the types of  starch, gelatinized starch, starch alkalizing on the strength of coke and briquette were analyzed.The results showed that the compressive strength of briquette (3 930 N/ball) was maximum with gelatinized starch as the binder. The high compressive strength (2 410 N/ball) and drop strength (49%) of coke were obtained with alkaline starch as the binder.",0
"In this paper, the desulfurization of Xinyang high-sulfur coking coal was developed with microwave and potassium permanganate. The effects of microwave irradiation power, irradiation time, the dosage of potassium permanganate and nitric acid on the desulfurization efficiency were studied detailedly, and the optimal experimental condition of Xinyang coal desulfurization by uniform design experimentation was reported in detail. The components of organic sulfur in coal was concluded by XPS analysis. So through the analysis of test results, the removal effects of various organic sulfur compounds with microwave and potassium permanganate were compared.",1
"The test of oxidation of SO2 under the effect of fly ash and pure oxide particles were conducted in a wet flue-gas desulfurization system. And different affecting factors including water temperature and oxygen concentration have been considered synthetically. The results indicate that the main elements in fly ash are Si, Al, Fe, and Ca etc.. And the main forms are SiO2, CaO, Fe2O3, Al2O3, mullite and plagioclase. The degree of SO2 oxidation has increased greatly when fly ash was added into the mixed gas. Regardless fly ash the degree of SO2 oxidation increase obviously with the increase of water temperature, but the increasment decrease. When there is no fly ash in the mixed gas, the degree of SO2 oxidation will increase greatly with the increase of oxygen concentration. However, the influences will disappear when the fly ash exist. The comparative results of experimental values and calculated values show that there are synergies between different oxides.",0
"In this paper, the changes of sulfur chemical forms in coal before and after microwave desulfurization combined with different leaching agent were analysed by XPS and FTIR. The results show that the sulphur exists in Xinyu clean coal in the forms of thiophene, R—O—S—S—R′ and inorganic sulfur; the desulfurization rate of microwave combined with HAc+H2O2 was significantly higher than that of NaOH. After microwave desulfurization combined with  HAc+H2O2, the content of thiophene and R—O—S—S—R′ reduced significantly, and diphenyl oxide sulfur and ferric sulfate were generated. After microwave desulfurization combined with NaOH, the content of thiophene and R—O—S—S—R′ reduced, while ferric sulfate and inorganic sulfur were increased. Meanwhile, the mechanism was discussed.",1
"In this paper, burn-off rate and nitrogen oxides release during three kinds of typical bituminous coals combustion with five kinds of metallurgical industrial wastes were studied by using laboratory-scale drop tube furnace combustion system, and the combustion mechanism was discussed. The results showed that the coal types played an important role in the catalytic properties, additive amounts could affect catalytic properties, additive amounts were not the bigger the better. In this work, steel slag was applicable for coal of lower metamorphic degree, desulfurization slag had certain catalytic combustion effects, manganese tailings were applicable for coal of low metamorphic degree and chromium slag was applicable for coal of higher degree of metamorphism. The additives could affect the release of nitrogen oxides, coal types and additives amounts had important influence on denitration effects. Based on the electron microscope scanning of combustion residue, it was found that the appearance of combustion residue with additives were like honeycomb, X-ray diffraction analysis showed that the additives changed the composition of the combustion residues.",1
"Based on the removal capacity of SO2 by [BPy]Br/AC, the effect of different composition, which were water vapor, oxygen, carbon dioxide and the combination of oxygen, carbon dioxide and water vapor, of the simulated flue gas on the removal capacity of SO2 of the esulfurizer was studied at the same loading ratio (0.36∶1) and a fixed carrier mass (4 g) .The results suggestted that, there was a competition reaction at the presence of water vapor, oxygen, carbon dioxide and SO2; water vapor and carbon dioxide had a significant negative effect on the desulfurizer, the effect of oxygen was relatively weak, within the given condition.",0
"The slica sand in the annulus of spouted bed move downwards in the form of moving bed. The heat coefficient between the draft tube surface and the moving bed were measured by the assembled heat probe. The electric power of the assembled heat probe is regulated by voltage regulation. The paper has mainly studied the effects of voltage,flow rates of loose gas and different axial position of bed on heat coefficient. The experiment was carried out at room temperature and atmosphere pressure. The spouted bed with draft tube was made of organic glass. The average heat transfer coefficient between the moving bed and the buried tube surface is 300 W/(m2·K-1)-400 W/(m2·K-1).",0
"Taking Naomaohu coal as research object, raw coal (RC) was divided into three solid products, which were residue (RD), deposit (DP) and soluble (SL), using high temperature and pressure extraction apparatus. The effects of the coal addition, temperature, coal particle size and solvent type on the extraction yields of SL and DP were investigated. Proximate and ultimate analysis, TG-DTG and FTIR analysis were determined. The results showed that when the dosage of solvent was certain, with the amount of coal adding, the yield of DP increased, the yield of SL decreased slightly; temperature increase promoted extraction of SL and DP, and at higher temperature than 375 ℃, the yield of SL increased rapidly because of large pyrolysis reaction; coal particle size had little influence on extraction; tetralin and 1-MN choosed as solvents, the total yield of SL and DP was similar, which was higher than that choosed toluene as solvent. Hydroxyl substance and aliphatic hydrocarbon contents of RC were mainly collected in SL and DP, ash content was mostly collected in RD, the moisture content of RD, DP and SL was far below that of RC.",1
"The structural characteristics of vitrinite and inertinite were studied using FTIR experiments in combination with subsection peak separation method and structural parameters contrast. The results of subsection peak separation: vitrinite and inertinite have something in common in the distribution of hydroxyl type, but different for proportion of every hydroxyl type; vitrinite is characterized by higher CH2, CHx and C=O proportions as well as lower R3CH, C=C and —O— proportions than inertinite; the mode of distribution of aromatic hydrogen of inertinite is more than that of vitrinite, suggesting more relative complicated substitution mode of aromatic in inertinite. The results of structural parameters contrast: inertinite is characterized by higher aromaticity and ring condensation index and condensation ratio, as well as lower parameter of degree of oxidation of organic matter, n(Hal)∶n(Har) and aliphatic ratio than vitrinite. It indicates that there are higher degree of aromatization, shorter relative length of aliphatic chain, more abundance of aliphatic branch chain, and lower degree of oxidation of organic matter in inertinite than in vitrinite.",1
"This article investigated the changes of surface functional groups of coal and their effect on the activity of coal oxidation by pre-oxidation treatment of anthracite, using TPD-MS, TG-DTA and other characterization methods. The results indicated that oxidant treatment can change the surface functional groups of coal in different degrees. Hydrogen peroxide and sodium hypochlorite treatment have little effect on the activity of oxidation reaction, while the nitric acid treated anthracite has a high low-temperature oxidation reaction activity. According to the variation of coal surface groups, we can infer that oxygen-containing groups in anthracite such as carboxyl significantly improve the low-temperature oxidation activity of coal. The alkyl does not have an obvious effect on low-temperature oxidation activity of coal, but has a certain influence on the coal oxidation reaction heat.",0
"For the study of adsorption characteristics of surfactants on the surfaces of oxidized coal and its influence on coal surface wettability, the effects of solution temperature, initial concentration, pH value and adsorption time on the cationic surfactant cetyltrimethyl amonium bromide (CTAB) adsorbing capacity on the oxidized coal surface were investigated. The influence of CTAB adsorption on the oxidized coal surface wettability modification was studied. The obtained results show that enhancement of CTAB solution temperature and initial concentration can increase the adsorbance of CTAB on the oxidized coal surfaces. It was observed that the optimum pH value for the adsorption process of CTAB on coal surfaces was range from pH 5 to pH 7. It was proved that the adsorption capacity of CTAB on coal surfaces increased with a rise in the amount of oxygen containing functional groups for all the studied samples. The adsorption of CTAB on the oxidized coal surfaces leads to a very significant change of the contact angle change with time from the sharp decrease into slight decrease, as well as equilibrium contact angle changed from 0° to 70° and moisture re-absorption decline. These changes are attributed to the wettability alteration from hydrophilicity to hydrophobicity of CTAB adsorption on the coal surfaces.",0
"To explore systematicly the effect of microwave power, pyrolysis time, particle size of coal samples and hydrogen flow rate on the yield and composition of microwave pyrolysis products of low rank coal, it was suggested to carry out the co-pyrolysis experiment of the low rank coal under hydrogen atmosphere through the single factor experiment in the customized microwave oven. The results indicated that the yield of the blue-coke and liquid products were up to 59.8% and 28.2% respectively when the optimal process conditions with the microwave power of 800 W, pyrolysis time of 40 min, coal samples particle size of 5 mm-10 mm and hydrogen flow rate of 0.4 L/min was selected. The content of alkane hydrocarbons in the coal tar obtained by microwave pyrolysis of coal was up to 45.2%. The content of functional groups with phenolic hydroxyl and carbonyl in the blue-coke was higher relatively, and the content of fixed carbon was higher, the content of sulfur and volatile matter were lower.",0
"Sunjiacha (SJC) coal in Northern Shaanxi and polypropylene plastic (PP) were co-pyrolyzed. Pyrolysis productions were analyzed by FTIR, SEM and gas analyzer. Influences of microwave powers on the contents of the production were studied at 800 ℃ (terminal temperature). The results showed that the ash content in the coke decreased gradually, volatile content increased and the other element content was basically constant with the decrease of the microwave power. The content of CO and H2 reduced, the content of CH4 rised and the content of CnHm and CO2 was constant as the microwave power decreased. Alkane, olefin content in the tar decreased and aromatic hydrocarbon content increased with the increase of the microwave power.",0
"The low-temperature pyrolysis of Shangwan coal (particle size 3 mm-6 mm) was studied using TG-FTIR. The results showed that the maximum water loss rate was 1.1%/min-1.2%/min at 130 ℃. Shangwan coal was totally dried from room temperature to 250 ℃ at constant speed of 10 ℃/min. The yield of weight loss increased and severe pyrolysis reaction occurred with the rising of temperature. The release of CO2, H2O, CH4 and light hydrocarbons (LHCs) occurred in the pyrolysis stage. The release yield increased with the increase of pyrolysis temperature. The release of CO existed only in the pyrolysis process of the final temperature of 750 ℃and 850 ℃. The notable release of LHCs appeared before 650 ℃, and the maximum yield of LHCs reached 38.5 mg at 750 ℃, but obviously decreased at 850 ℃ due to the critical thermal polymerization.",0
"Three strains (a bacteria named N6, a fungi named M6 and an actinomycete named G1) were cultivated, and an orthogonal biosolubilization test was done with these strains and five different coals.Then,with the method of Pearson test, the correlation between coal biosolubilization, vitrinite reflectance and coal component was analyzed. The results show that the lower vitrinite reflectance is, the better coal biosolubilization is. The more vitrinite and minerals group coal has, the easier to be dissolved. The smaller content of liptinite and inertinite coal has, the better coal solubility is. Especially, biosolubilization of coal is greater influenced by vitrinite reflectance.",1
"Based on Aspen Plus simulation software，thermodynamics of carbon deposition was investigated for syngas methanation, and the diagnosis diagram of carbon deposition were obtained. The results show that when the mole ratio of H and O in the raw material is less than 5, the higher the temperature is, the more likely the carbon deposit, and when the ratio is greater than 5, the result is on the contrary. For the raw material that varies in proportion of hydrogen, oxygen and carbon, the effect of pressure on the carbon deposition is different. For Topsoe syngas methanation process, because the compositions of the outlet gas in the starting reactor and the last reactor (the first reactor and the fifth reactor) are at the range of carbon deposition in the corresponding temperatures, it’s probable to deposit carbon, but it can be reduced or eliminated by adjusting the ratio of water vapor.",0
"X-ray powder diffractometry, ICP-AES and slag melting property deteminator were used to investigate chemical composition, phase composition, high-temperature phase composition, fusibility and viscosity-temperature characteristics of five kinds of gasification slags, and phase composition evolution and the changes of viscosity-temperature were studied by quenching at high temperature and simulating of FactSage. The results show that the main chemical composition of gasification slags are SiO2, Al2O3, CaO, Fe2O3 and residual carbon. Under high temperature conditions, phases of five different gasification slags vary because of the difference of the chemical composition. As the temperature rises, molten slags are turned into amorphous phase gradually. The measured value and calculated value of slag viscosity are basically consistent, CaO-Al2O3-SiO2 ternary phase diagrams and viscosity-temperature curve drawn by phase diagram of FactSage can be well use to explain the high-temperature phase evolution and viscosity-temperature characteristics of gasification slag.",1
"Lignite char-supported Fe and Fe-Cu sorbents for coke oven gas desulfurization by means of ultrasonic method. The effects of temperature and optimal preparation process on their properties during sulfidation were studied. The physical and chemical properties of the sorbents were analyzed by X-ray diffraction (XRD), scanning electron microscope (SEM) and Fourier transform infrared (FTIR), respectively. The results of desulfurization experiments show that ultrasonic-assisted irradiation optimum condition of preparing sorbent are 5 h for ultrasonic impregnation time, 1 h for co-precipitation time and ultrasonic water bath temperature is 50 ℃ (the experimental ultrasonic cleaner power is 100 W), respectively. The char supported iron-based sorbents can simultaneously remove the H2S and COS from coke oven gas with high desulfurization efficiency. As the increased temperature, the desulfurization efficiency and sulfur capacity of the sorbents increased obviously, and the highest sulfur capacity can be reached when the temperature is 400 ℃. Moreover, the addition of Cu into iron-based sorbents can obviously improve desulfurization efficiency.",0
"This paper investigated the effect of particle size distribution, slurry stirring and ambient temperature on the properties of coke water slurry, which was prepared by blue-coke fines in Northern Shaanxi. The blue-coke samples were ground with a laboratory size ball mill, and the particles were screened and separated into the following size range: ＞320 mesh(D1), 320 mesh-200 mesh(D2), 200 mesh-120 mesh(D3), 120 mesh-60 mesh(D4). The results indicated that the optimum conditions for the preparation of coke water slurry were as following: the granularity ratio (D1∶D2∶D3∶D4) is 5∶2∶2∶1; the stirring speed is 1 500 r/min; the stirring time is 15 min; the surrounding temperature at a range of 30 ℃ to 40 ℃. Under conditions above the slurry could keep its stability for one month long and show good fluidity, the mass fraction reached 60% and the apparent viscosity could reach 360 mPa·s. When adding fine-grained blue-coke particles, the apparent viscosity improved, fluidity reduced, and the stability reinforced. Excessive agitation had a contrary influence on the pulp, which would lead to poor fluidity and aging slurry. Along with the increase of temperature, apparent viscosity of coke water slurry decreased firstly and then rose up, as a result, got the minimum value(360 mPa·s) in the range of 30 ℃ to 40 ℃.",0
"In this study, three different biomass including pine sawdust, peanut shell and straw combined with the coking coal were carbonized in fixed bed reactor. The mass fraction of biomass was 0%, 3%, 6%, 9% and 12%, respectively. The experimental results indicated that the mass fraction of pine sawdust, peanut shells and straw increased from 0% to 12%, the yield of char reduced from 75.39% to 66.29%, 68.40% and 67.39% respectively. At the same time, the yield of tar increased from 6.88% to 12.98%, 12.16% and 11.42%. As for gas, the yield improved from 13.64% to 15.63%, 15.27% and 16.97%. Moreover, there is a deviation between experimental value and calculated value of the co-carbonization product yield. Hence, it can be concluded that synergetic effect was occurred during the co-carbonization process. When biomass was added into coking coal, the content of CO and CO2 in coke gas was improved, while the H2 and CH4 were decreased.",0
"Soda residue was added to Lüjiatuo coking coal with different blending ratios and cokes were then prepared from these blended coal samples. The thermal properties of these cokes at different reaction temperatures (850 ℃-1 200 ℃) were investigated. The results show that the addition of soda residue enhances coke reactivity and lowers the starting temperature of solution loss reaction of coke. The carbon loss amount at the maximum of surface area of coke after reaction increases with the increase of adding amount of soda residue, which shows that addition of soda residue increases the active points of solution loss reaction of coke; the SEM study shows that addition of  soda residue has little effect on the micro-morphology of coke before reaction. However, soda residue can promote the solution loss of coke surface, control the solution loss of internal coke, which would slow down the degradation of cokes.",0
"A dynamic reactivity of particulate coke analyzer was described. Mathematical models for the solution loss rate and the dynamic reactivity of particulate coke were derived from the CO2 content in the exhaust after reaction. Two kinds of industrial cokes with different reactivity were selected to carry out the solution loss reaction test. The relative standard deviation of the reactivity index of particulate coke (PRI) is less than 0.5%. The relative error of PRI derived from the mathematical model is less than 1%. The chemical reaction control, mixed control and internal diffusion control during the solution loss reaction process were verified through the solution loss rate curves of cokes. And the characteristics of the solution loss reaction of two kinds of industrial cokes were identified using the mathematical model. The analysis of solution loss rate of coke revealed the relationship between the coke reactivity index (CRI) and reactivity index of particle coke (PRI).",0
"Mesocarbon microbeads (MCMB) were prepared via pyrolysis condensation of coal-tar pitch modified with formaldehyde. The microstructure and electrochemical properties were investigated using scanning electron microscope (SEM), X-ray diffraction (XRD) and battery tester. The results indicate that MCMB treated by high temperature can effectively improve the ordering degree of carbon atoms arranged and microcrystalline structure in MCMB. With the increase of heat treatment temperature, reversible capacity, irreversible capacity and first charge capacity of MCMB decreased, coulombic and charge-discharge efficiency increased, and cycle performance enhanced. The charge-discharge capacity of MCMB heat-treated at 1 400 ℃ was the highest, and the cycle performance was the excellentest.",0
"The kaolinite dehydroxylation characteristic of coal gangue was studied by thermogravimetric analysis, the crystal phases of calcination coal gangue was tested by X-ray diffraction, and the kaolinite dehydroxylation kinetics of coal gangue was analyzed by Coats and Redfern method. The results showed that temperature range of kaolinite dehydroxylation in coal gangue was 400 ℃-800 ℃. The weight loss rate of dehydroxylation reached a maximum at 650 ℃. The temperature at which the weight loss occured shifted higher as the heating rate increased. The XRD signal of kaolinite in calcination coal gangue(650 ℃, 1 h) disappeared and phase transformation from kaolinite to metakaolinite completed. Mechanical function ([(1-y)-1/3-1]2) agreed with experimental data. The overall activation energy(EA) was 231.55 kJ/mol and pre-exponential factor(A) was 3×1011 s-1.",0
"The gangue was treated with mechanical activation and microwave-assisted radiation in order to increase the extraction of titanium. The effects of liquid-solid ratio, microwave extraction time and temperature in the initial reaction medium were investigated. In order to optimize procedure for extraction, single factor experiments and the orthogonal design were performed. In condition of the liquid-solid ratio 1.5, microwave radiation power 800 W, microwave extraction time 90 min and dissolution temperature 75 ℃, the extraction of titanium was 79.85%. Meanwhile, X-ray diffraction (XRD), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) were used to analyze the extraction of samples, the results indicated that the titanium mainly crystallized as Ti(SO4)2 phase in these products.",1
"The activated carbon(AC) used for separating coalmine gases were modified by replenishing CO2 with Fe served as the catalyst. The effects of nFe∶nC, activation temperature, CO2 flow and activation time on the pore structure of AC and the adsorption of CH4 were investigated. The results showed that the best condition was correspondingly: 0.12, 650 ℃, 3.0 L/min and 1.5 h. Pore structures and the specific surface area of AC after the physical modification were enhanced, particularly the mesopores with diameter from 5 nm to 9 nm. Under the condition of 107 kPa and the same separation factor, the saturated CH4 adsorption of modified AC was 16.55% higher than that of the original ones.",0
"Zeolite X/activated carbon composite was prepared from elutrilithe and pitch power, phenolic resin was used as carbon deposition material to adjust the pore structure of the composite, and the effect of carbon deposition numbers on the pore structure and gas adsorption separation ability of the composite material was investigated. The crystalline and pore structure of the samples were characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD), adsorption isotherms of N2 and CO2 at 77 K and 273 K. CH4 and N2 uptakes on the composites were determined for pressures up to 101 kPa at 298 K. The results show that the micropore structure of zeolite X/activated carbon composite is regulate finely after carbon deposition. With the increase of the carbon deposition numbers, the micropore surface area and the micropore volume decrease shapely, CH4 and N2 uptakes on the composites decrease, but the separation ratio of CH4/N2 increase. The separation ratio of CH4/N2 reaches 2.7, attribute to the micorpore of 0.45 nm-0.55 nm increase for the forth carbon deposition.",0
"The solid state high resolution 13C CP /MAS NMR technology was employed to analyze five kind different coalifications of ten new coal samples. The resulting spectrums of the structural parameters were studied after peak separation. It revealed the forms of various functional groups in coal and their inherent relationship with different coalification. It also expanded the structural evolution of functional groups. The results showed that the aliphatic and aromatic carbon content made up a complementary relationship, that is, with the degree of coalification deepens, fat carbon ratio decreased, and aromatic carbon ratio increased. With the increasing of the coalification degree, aromatic carbon and oxygen pick collateral aromatic carbon content had a decreasing trend, while carbon content of oxygen by lipids increased. Other structural parameters were not notable, and it was influenced by coalification degree, tectonic stress, and destruction type and so on.",0
"Xigou coal sample from Xinjiang Zhundong field were swelled by cavitated creosote oil as solvent at the condition of natural and microwave. Combined with peakfit software and FTIR spectra, the characteristics of the molecular structure of raw coal sample and the effect of swelling the sample in the natural and microwave on its molecular structures were analyzed with qualitative and semi-quantitative. Results of FTIR analysis were that: 1) three coal samples can be divided into four region which were 3 600 cm-1-3 100 cm-1 hydroxyl group, 3 000 cm-1-2 800 cm-1 aliphatic, 1 800 cm-1-1 000 cm-1 oxygen-containing groups and 900 cm-1-700 cm-1 aromatic bonds; 2) the peeling off order of five kinds of hydrogen groups exsisted in coal molecular structure was: cyclic OH<OH—π<self-associated OH<OH—N<OH—ether O; 3) compared with raw coal sample, in the natural swollen coal sample, the contents of asymmetric aliphatic —CH2 increased 88.76%, —CH decreased 65.42%, oxygen-containing group and aromatic unchanged, one and two adjacent H deformation all deceased nearly 50%, three and four adjacent H deformation increased 150% and 57%, respectively, which indicated that the chain connected with benzene ring break; 4) compared with natural swollen coal sample, in the microwave swollen coal sample, the contents of —CH3 and —CH increased 2.7 and 3.6 times, respectively, oxygen-containing group increased, benzene ring structure changed a little, aromatic decreased, which indicated that microwave radiation could enhance the dissolution of solvent to the aromatic.",0
"In order to investigate the characteristics of microwave pyrolysis of Shenmu coal(SM) under CH4 atmosphere in a fixed bed reactor, the char of SM was added to the raw coal as the microwave absorbent and catalyst CH4 decomposition, the formation and distribution of products in the process of microwave pyrolysis of coal-char mixture(CCM) at various temperatures(450 ℃-700 ℃) under CH4 atmosphere were analyzed and compared with that under N2 atmosphere at the same condition. The results showed that the char yield of CCM under CH4 atmosphere was lower than that under N2 atmosphere; however, microwave pyrolysis of coal under CH4 atmosphere had higher tar and water yield than that under N2 atmosphere. Under CH4 atmosphere, the CCM had higher H2 and CO yield but less CO2 yield compared with N2 atmosphere. In the comprehensive comparison of the generation and distribution of microwave pyrolysis products between the two kinds of atmosphere, it could prove that coal pyrolysis could be hedrogenated by CH4 directly with the help of char’s catalytic effect on CH4 decomposition.",0
"Rapid co-pyrolysis behavior of bituminous coal with two types of biomass, pine sawdust (lignin-rich) and cornstalk (cellulose-rich) was carried out in a fixed bed reactor. The oil and gas products from pyrolysis were subsequently analyzed. The results showed that there was a synergy effect between bituminous coal and two biomass samples during co-pyrolysis process. During co-pyrolysis, the yield of volatile matter increased compared to the calculated values. The most significant change was observed in case of pine sawdust. The concentration of guaiacols in tar from pine sawdust and bituminous coal co-pyrolyssis increased significantly up to 25.89% compared to the calculated values, especially at 400 ℃ and pine sawdust ratio of 80%. The concentration of phenols in co-pyrolysis tars was increased compared to the calculated values, while the concentration of PAH and hydrocarbons was significantly decreased. There seemed to be a shift of oil components towards the smaller molecular weight products.",0
"The pyrolysis experiments were carried out on lignite and biomass. The char characteristics, such as yield, proximate components, calorific value and surface texture were studied under the condition of different pyrolysis temperature and mixture ratio of lignite and biomass. Results showed that these characteristics of char were influenced by the ratio of biomass and pyrolysis temperature in a complicate way during the process of flash pyrolysis, due to the constitute and character of lignite and biomass. But the overall trend was that high char yield and calorific value could be got and ash content in char reduced through controlling suitable pyrolysis temperature and suitable biomass ratio (the ratio less than 50%).  When the biomass blending ratio was 50%, the pyrolysis temperature was 600 ℃, the char yield of pyrolysis products was 52.1%, and the heating value of char was 23.75 MJ/Kg. Compared with single pyrolysis of lignite, surface texture of char were improved by adding biomass, and pore of char increased, which were benefit to increase adsorbability and reactiveness.",0
"In this study, systematic experiments on microwave co-pyrolysis of biomass and Shenhua lignite using a modified domestic microwave oven were carried out. The effects of ratio of microwave absorbant to biomass and coal, microwave output power and pyrolysis time were investigated. Pyrolysis products at different conditions were analyzed using GC-MS, SEM and FTIR before and after pyrolysis. The results showed that lignite and biomass conversion during co-pyrolysis increased with increasing the ratio of microwave absorbant to biomass and coal, microwave power and pyrolysis time. The microwave co-pyrolysis is an effective way of thermo-chemical conversion of biomass and lignite.",0
"In order to obtain the feasibility of in-situ CO2 gasification of high moisture content lignite. A moving bed tubular experimental reactor, which used for the in-situ CO2 gasification of undriedlignite, was built. The effects of temperature and CO2 flow rate on the product yield, gas composition, low heating value of gas and other evaluations for gasification were investigated. Experimental results showed that the gasification of lignite with in-situ steam and CO2 was carried out simultaneously. As the CO2 flow rate was 1.1 L/min, the gas yield and carbon conversion rate heightened significantly with the increase of gasification temperature. The increase of CO2 flow rate enhanced CO2 gasification of the nascent char, which increased the gas yield and carbon conversation rate and the gas total calorific value also increased accordingly. The experimental results proved that high moisture content lignite in-situ CO2 gasification process is an effective methodology for the clean and efficient utilization of lignite.",0
"On the basis of component and property, extraction of liquefaction residue from Shenhua coal with distillation coal liquefaction oil (CLO) and washing oil were investigated. It was found that extract yield of residue was about 22.85% (dry found) with CLO (distillation point at 137 ℃-213 ℃) at 30 ℃ and solvent and residue mass ratio of 2∶1. Meanwhile, extract yield of residue was 44.63% with washing oil (distillation point at 230 ℃-317 ℃). Two step solvent extract separation of residue with CLO and washing oil was investigated, extract and remain were obtained. The application of extract and remain in use of coal direct liquefaction recycle solvent and coal water slurry were also studied exploratory.",0
"The physic-chemical properties of coal direct liquefaction residues (DLR) was studied, and the production behaviors of liquid phase products during the pyrolysis of DLR at 300 ℃-425 ℃ was also investigated. The results showed that the n-hexane soluble (HS) content of DLR was up to 40.45% and the asphaltene content was 24.14%. Compared with the DLR through reduced pressure distillation, the DLR contained more HS and fewer asphaltene. The HS of DLR was mainly composed of 1-4 ring arenes and kinds of heteroatomic compounds like phenol, anthraquinone, ester and carbazole, and the content of aliphatic hydrocarbon was rather low. When the pyrolysis temperatures were 400 ℃ and 425 ℃, the yield of HS was 7.61% and 10.10% higher than that of HS in DLR, which meant that most of the asphaltene transformed into HS with small molecules under the conditions of this paper. It indicates that low temperature pyrolysis is a feasible and economic method to realize the high value-added utilization of DLR.",0
"FeOOH and Si/Al modified FeOOH catalysts were synthesized by a precipitation-oxidation method. The microstructures and morphologies of catalysts were characterized by BET, XRD, SEM, and TG-DTG. The coal liquefaction catalytic performances of the modified catalysts were evaluated in a 500 mL autoclave using Shendong coal. The results showed that the crystalline phases changed from α-FeOOH and γ-FeOOH to amorphous ferrihydrite (6-line) along with the amount of Si increasing. The aggregation was detected when the catalyst was doped with more than 5%Si. The modification by Si didn’t change the decomposition temperatures of FeOOH phases, but could reduce the weight loss in TG tests. Al could substitute with Fe to form Al-substituted FexAl1-xOOH, while increasing the decomposition temperatures of FeOOH phases in TG-DTG tests. The direct coal liquefaction results showed that Si and Al modified catalysts maintained the high coal conversion, reduced the H2 consumption and promoted the asphalt converting to oil thus improved the oil yield. The optimal amount of Si and Al was 5% and 10%-15%, respectively.",0
"The surface mophology, micropore structure and ash content of coke were studied after heat-treatment at 1 100 ℃, 1 200 ℃, 1 300 ℃, 1 450 ℃, 1 600 ℃ and 1 800 ℃. The results showed that the changes of micopore structure and ash content were greatly related to that of treating temperatures. With the increasing of heat-treatment temperature, ashes continuously dissolved to the surface of cokes, which reached the most amount at 1 300 ℃. When the treating temperature exceeded 1 300 ℃, ashes began to escape from coke, which resulted in the decling of ash content. And the ash content decreasing began to accelerate under higher temperature. The volumes and BET surfaces of micropores decreased first, then increased slowly and finally increased fastly to a bigger magnitude.",0
The vitrinite of 6 kinds of coking coals were enriched in order to describe the relative active quality difference of different ranks coking coals more accurately. The relationship between the caking index (G values) of different degrees of metamorphic coking coals and the vitrinite contents was investigated. The results showed that G values were increased with the increase of the vitrinite contents and it showed a significant linear relationship. The reciprocal of the slope (1/k) and Y intercept (y0) by fitting the linear equation could be used as new indexes to evaluate the activity quality of vitrinite. These indexes fitting by Gauss curve model could describe accurately the change rules of coking coal vitrinite activity quality with the increase of the average maximum reflectance of vitrinite.,1
"A series of air-blown pitches with different softening points were prepared from the refined coal tar. The air-blown pitches and the refined coal tar were analyzed by 1H-NMR, elemental analysis, group composition, ash and true density measurement. The results show that the air blowing promotes the dehydrogenative condensation reaction and the cross-linking reaction. As changing the oxidation level, the softening point, composition and structure of the air-blown pitches changes. Calcined coke can be produced by the pyrolysis of the air-blown pitches. The good quality isotropic coke could be prepared by selection of suitable air-blown pitches as raw materials.",0
"The fluorescence parameters (IF,max, IF,450, IF,470) for 13 kinds of coking coals with different coal ranks were determined using the three-dimensional scanning fluorescence spectroscopy. The relationships between fluorescence parameters and caking properties (caking index G, Gieseler fluidity lgα and Audibert-Arnu dilatometer b) were analyzed. The results show that IF,max, IF,450 and IF,470 have little difference with the increase of G (G<90), and increase linearly with the increase of G (G>90). The relationship of these fluorescence parameters with the fluidity is similar with G, and the turning point is lgα=3.0. Therefore, the fluorescence parameters are new index to evaluate the caking properties for the strongly caking coals. The fluorescence parameters first increase then decrease with the increase of b and the maximum is 195%.",0
"Co-pyrolysis characteristics of four kinds of coals (Huangling coal, Checun coal, Hecaogou coal and Hepan coal) were studied in a dry distillation equipment. The article has systematically investigated influencing factors of four kinds of coals from retention time, carbonization temperature and heating rate. Calorific value of char was tested with temperature varied, and the char shapes at different temperature were observed by SEM scanning. The results showed that the rising temperature had the greatest in fluence on the yield of Checun coal. The low calorific value of Hecaogou coal was increased by 23.4% when temperature reached 550 ℃. At the same time, the structure of the char became closer and its reactivity decreased. Changed heating rate had the greatest influence on the char of Checun coal, which decreased from 84.29% to 81.54%. While the carbonization product of four kinds coals were hardly affected by varying final temperature.",0
"In order to further improve the quality of low-temperature co-pyrolysis oil of biomass and coal, the research of adding different quality of char to low-temperature co-pyrolysis of wild crassipes (EC) and low rank coal (LC) was undertaken in an home-made dry distillation equipment. The results show that the yield of pyrolysis oil is 11.16% with char ratio of 30%, which decreased by 4.62% compared with the basic experiment without char (11.70%). The pyrolysis oil was detected by GC-MS. The results indicate that straight-chain alkanes increased by 15.53% in the pyrolysis oil (27.256 6%) compared with the oil without char (23.593 6%). The content of carbonyl compounds and benzene and its derivatives decreased obviously, which shows that the addition of char improved the quality of the pyrolysis oil significantly, realizing the convertion to a light fraction of low-temperature coal tar to a certain extent.",0
"The phenol adsorption of active coke from lignite was investigated. The cokes from the pyrolysis of lignite under different preparation conditions were activated with the agency of steam in a quartz fixed bed. The phenol adsorption experiments were conducted with cokes from different preparation conditions and after that the iodine value as well as the methylene blue adsorbance was achieved according to the national standards. The results indicated that proper preparation conditions were reasonable for active coke phenol adsorption. The steam flow could enhance the number of micropores and mesopores equally while the other two factors tend to singly change the number of micropores and mesopores. The best condition for the preparation of activated coke was found at temperature of 800 ℃, activation time of 80 min and steam flow of 8 g/h. In that case, the phenol adsorbance could reach 13.8 mg/g.",0
"The influence law of the surface structure and the adsorption performance on the coal-based electrode material by changing the nitric acid concentration were mainly studied, when the coal base electrode material was activated with nitric acid. Characterized the adsorption properties and surface chemistry, pore size distribution of the coal-based electrode material by using scanning electron microscopy(SEM) and electron probe, X-ray diffraction(XRD), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy(FTIR), Beohm titration method and N2 adsorption method. The results showed that iodine value of the modified coal-based electrode material first increases and then decreases, its yield and compressive strength decreases, while the total content of oxygen-containing functional groups in the gradually increasing on its surface with increasing concentrations of nitrate. The carboxyl content increased by 65.01%, and lactone content increased by 47.37%, phenolic hydroxyl content increased by 60.00%. When the nitric acid concentration was 40%, the yield of the coal-based electrode material reached 67.64%, the iodine value was 301.72 mg/g, the compressive strength was 0.234 MPa, specific surface area was 256 m2/g, the average pore size was 1.978 nm and the total pore volume was 0.127 cm3/g.",0
"Methanation fixed bed reactor has been simulated by inserting methanation reaction rate equation into the simulation process with the form of compiling CEL source terms in ANSYS CFX software and the reactor internal flow field, temperature field and the concentration distributions of components also have been obtained. The accuracy of the simulation results has been proved comparing with the outlet permanents such as temperature and the concentration of the components detected on-the-spot. In addition, by changing the air inflow way at the intake and increasing turbulent equipments, the uniform distribution of flow has been achieved, and then the relationship between production rate and structure was studied.",0
