text,label
"Taking Nantaizi coal of Xinjiang Yili as the research object, the experiment systematically studied the distributions of the products in the catalytic hydropyrolysis process, which is carried out in a fixed bed reactor, under atmospheric pressure and 500 ℃-700 ℃.The catalyst and promoter of the process are Fe2O3 and sulfur respectively.It shows that the addition of Fe2O3 could make tar yield increases about 2%,char yield decreases about 4%,water yield increases about 4% at the most.And the gas yield reduced slightly.The addition of sulfur is in favor of the generation of Fe1-xS,so it can accelerate the catalytic hydrogenation pyrolysis process.",0
"CoMoP/13X catalyst was prepared by incipient wetness impregnation method. The effect of CoMoP/13X catalyst on the pyrolysis characteristics and gas evolution of HTM coal was investigated by TG-FTIR technique. The kinetic parameters of the thermal decomposition reactions were calculated based on TG experiment. TGA results indicate that the second peak temperature of HTM coal pyrolysis was decrease by 27.67 ℃ over CoMoP/13X catalyst under hydrogen atmosphere, and the calculated activation energy of second pyrolysis stage (660 ℃-710 ℃) was decrease by 7.9 kJ/mol, indicating superior catalytic effects of CoMoP/13X on HTM coal pyrolysis under hydrogen atmosphere. FTIR analysis results show that the CoMoP/13X greatly varied distribution of pyrolysis products,in which CH4,CO,aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbon increase with different extent, while the CO2 yield decrease remarkably.",0
"The influence of adding H2O was investigated during co-pyrolysis of rice husk and lignite. Adding H2O into the co-pyrolysis raw material, then the samples were pyrolysised with different content of H2O.The variation trendy of gas yield and gas content were detected through gas chromatogram. And the effect of H2O content on solid residence products was also analyzed. The result showed that the gas yield increased as the content of adding H2O. The gas yield increased most when the adding ratio of H2O was 60%. In addition, the ratio of gas product H2/CO increased with the adding H2O increased, while CO2 did not change a lot. The convention of solid residence products almost kept the same under different adding H2O content. However, the surface functional groups of solid products had a marked change since the adding ratio of H2O was 60%, which consistent with the change regularity of gas yield.",2
"Pyrolysis characteristics of soft coal,papermaking sludge and both of the two mixed ligand complexes have been researched with TGA/DSCI/1600HT type synchronous thermal analyzer in nitrogen atmosphere.The results show that the comprehensive release feature index of volatile（D reducation time） of two mixed ligand complexes of papermaking sludge and soft coal is higher than soft coal;as a result of the papermaking sludge being added,pyrolysis reaction of two mixed ligand complexes is more easily than soft coal,and obviously the character of its volatilize being released is also better than single soft coal.",2
"Recycling and harmless handling can be achieved by co-pyrolysis of coal and plastic. In this paper, we study on co-pyrolysis of different proportion of Sunjiacha coal and plastic under microwave heating conditions. The result indicates that with the increasing of proportion of plastic, char yield gradually reduced, the yields of tar markedly improved. When the proportion of plastic is 10%,the content of char yield goes up to 17%,at the same time the content of H2, CO and CH4 increased obviously in coal gas，the content of H2 is up to 44.21% and the content of CO and CH4 up to 18.75% and 21.97%. Therefore, the addition of plastic is not only benefit to improve the recovery of tar and optimize the component of pyrolysis gas，but have an great effect on the further comprehensive utilization of gas.",0
"On the basis of the analysis for the active species character and the reaction parameter in the process of the plasma jet aid coal gasification, the experiments for confirming active species action has been designed in this paper. Through quantum chemistry calculation, it is found that the water molecule structure was changed observably by direct action between the active ingredients: singlet oxygen, O+2etc and oxygen atom in the water molecule in the coal gasification, and these actions was favorable to form free radical OH·, which react with the carbon in the coal by the broken O—H bond. Likely reaction channel induced by the active ingredients has been posed according to the regression equations on oxygen contents in the working gas to the volume fractions of the staple: H2, CO and CO2 in the experiment.",2
"In the test gasification of lignite semi-coke was investigated by using pure oxygen and steam. Results showed that CO and H2 content of gas, calorific value and yield of syngas increase with increasing gasification temperature.CO2 and CH4 content of gas reduce with increasing gasification temperature. At the same gasification temperature, with rise of pure oxygen flow, CO and H2 content of gas increase first and then reduce. CO2 content of gas increases and CH4 content of gas reduces. The calorific value and yield of syngas have a maximum value.",0
"Reaction H2S absorption solution and pentavalent vanadium, tannic extract with oxidization state (Teos) was investgated using cyclic voltammetry method. The results show that H2S is absorbed to produce bisulfide ion HS- and polysufide ion S2-x, then these sufur-containing substances will be oxidized by pentavalent vanadium and Teos. The reaction can be divided into initial rapid reaction stage and slow reaction stage. For different reactions, reaction rate of sufur-containing substance and pentavalent vanadium is faster than that of sufur-containing substance and Teos. Additionally, Teos contributes to the formation of S2-6, and pentavalent vanadium can promote to the transformation from sulfur containing substance to elemental sulfur.",2
"The liquefactions of Huolinhe 14 coal, the Bulianta 2-2 coal and the Xinjiang 41 coal show that the conversion yield and oil yield of Huolinhe 14 coal is highest, the Bulianta 2-2 coal’s is lowest. The FTIR result shows that the conversion yield and oil yield results in the aroma hydrogen and the aliphatic hydrogen in coal, the CO2, CO in gas production and the water yield lies on the oxygen-containing groups and the hydroxyl groups． Besides, the coal molecule structures of the three coals are appropriate by comparing with experimental data.",0
"Based on the theory of Andreason and compressible packing model, the calculations of modifying and packing density of the coal particles have been carried out ,and the calculation results have been also verified by experiments. Meanwhile，the influences of the size range and adding volume on packing density has been discussed. The result indicated that the particle size distribution can be optimized by modifying, and it is close to the one of close packing; the packing density of coal particles are well predicted with compressible packing model and it is increased by 5.977% after modifying; under the condition of close packing, the large size range is helpful for improving the packing density of the system; with the increasing of modifying material, the packing density is also increasing and it is close to the packing density under close packing; just adding power,the packing efficiency is relevant with partile size composition of raw materials.",1
"Based on the character of high ash and large amount of moisture in the coal slime, and hard to handle of the actual situation of black liquor for paper making which contains abundant organism, it is an useful attempt by using dry method to make water coal mixture both as the raw material. The water coal mixture is made from powdered coal of different particle size which abrading the dry nubby coal slime and black liquor for paper making by a certain percentage in order to research the indicator of comprehensive performance. When the add content of black liquid is 7.2％ and the particle size of powdered coal is less than 160 mesh, the concentration of water coal mixture is 67.44％, liquidity will be A grade and the stability will retain almost 20 d in good condition. The experiment results indicate that the pH value of waste almost has no effect on the slurry-ability of water coal slime if the pH value of black liquid is changed to research the prepared of water coal slime. Due to the black liquid of paper making contains large amount of organic matter, therefore, it can also improve the combustion heat value of water coal slime under the same conditions. The constantvolume high heat of the prepared water coal slime is 21.63 MJ/kg, low heat is 15 MJ/kg, which is measured by GB 213-87.",2
"A new coking technology for anthracite and additives was studied by using Magang coking raw materials. The coking experiment results of anthracite instead of part coking coal show that, the reactivity index of coke coked at 14% anthracite is low than the reactivity index of coke coked at 9% in the condition of binders PRT and CMC respectively 0.5%, and the post-reaction strength of coke coked at 14% anthracite is high than the post-reaction strength of coke coked at 9%, and these two indexes approach to benchmark coke. Furthermore, the coking experiment results of changing additive adding amount at 14% anthracite show that, the cokes coked at 3-2，3-3 and 3-5 coal blending ratio possessed  better falling intensity and drum strength, low reactivity index of coke and high post-reaction strength of coke, and approach to benchmark coke 3-1 coked in the condition of absence of anthracite.",1
"In order to study the effects of O2 on coal char structure and gasification beha-viour, Jincheng coal char was first partially oxidized in a fixed-bed reactor, and then its physicochemical characteristics were studied via scanning electron microscopy(SEM), X-ray diffraction(XRD), and N2/CO2 adsorption. In addition, char gasification behaviour was characterized using a thermobalance. Low temperature oxidation can significantly improve char pore structure, increasing char specific surface area while decreasing the degree of char graphitization. Besides, oxidation can notably promote char gasification reactivity, and char reactivity increased with increasing char burnout. However, with the increase of oxidation temperature(>600 ℃), the controlling step of char oxidation process changed from chemical reactions to O2 external diffusion resulting O2 consumption mainly on the external surface. As a result, high temperature oxidation has little influence on char structure and gasification behaviour.",0
"With the method of constant volume heating, experiment of dibenzofuran, diphenylenemethane, acenaphthene extracted by supercritical ethanol was conducted. The characteristics of extracted products obtained from the supercritical ethanolysis experiment were analyzed through GC, and the supercritical solubility and the supercritical exhaust percent were calculated. The results show that dibenzofuran and diphenylenemethane have the maximum supercritical solubility under the conditions of temperature at 255 ℃, pressure at 7.0 MPa and the maximum supercritical exhaust percent under the conditions of temperature at 265 ℃, pressure at 11.0 MPa. And there is not significant regularity of acenaphthene in supercritical ethanol. There is significant discrepance in supercritical extracted gas absorber oil. The solvent is recyclable after experiment of extraction.",2
"A kind of briquette was prepared with the semi-coke breeze as raw material by cold-pressed process. It was studied that the binder, particle size of raw material, moisture on the impact of briquette properties. The result shows that the prepared briquette with organic binder has the largest compressive strength and the larger calorific value, but lower thermal stability; quite the contrary, the prepared briquette with inorganic binder of the least compressive strength, the less calorific value, but higher thermal stability; composite binder can use each other, it can play the best results.",0
"The influence of bentonite content, moisture content and granularity of fine coal on the compressive strength by the binder of bentonite was studied.The results showed that the compressive strength of briqutte and ash content were proportionate to bentonite content. A liner formula was gained. Content of bentonite can be determined according to demand of process. And the ash content of the product can be calculated by the formula. When moisture content was in the range of 14%-16%, compacting pressure was 40 kN and the bentonite content was 7%, briqutte with compressive strength of 1 420 N/ball and ash content of 11.7% was synthesized.",1
"Blinder was put into blue-coke powder and mixed uniformity, then modeled. The formed activated carbon based on blue-coke was produced after carbonization and activation. Carbonized behavior of the material was studied by TG-DTG during the pyrogenation process. The yield, compressive strength and iodine adsorption value of formed activated carbon which were prepared at different carbonization temperature. The pore structure and surface chemical properties of activated carbon which were prepared at 450 ℃ carbonization temperature were characterized by N2 adsorption and infrared spectrum respectively. It is found that the yield and compressive strength of products are reduced along with the rising of the carbonization temperature, while the iodine adsorption value is increased. There are a large number of hydroxyl, carbonyl, hydroxyacid and other active groups on the surface of products prepared under this experimental condition: 450 ℃ and 800 ℃ were selected to be carbonization and activation temperature and activated for 60 min using water vapor. And it is mesopores activated carbon.",0
"C/C composites have broad application prospects in some particular fields. To prepare C/C composites with hot-pressing mold, thermoplastic mesophase pitches used as binders, kneading with short carbon fibers were moulded from RT to 650 ℃. Then after process of carbonization(1 000 ℃) and graphitization(2 700 ℃), C/C composites with thermal conductivity were prepared. The experiment showed that the extrusion structure of carbon precursor changed with structure of cavity in the mould, which made matrix carbon in the axial direction growing orderly and short carbon fibers(SCFs) for the heat transmission medium arranging orderly in the matrix carbon. After observed through polarizing microscope and scanning electron microscope(SEM), the mesophase pitch liquid crystal moleculars presented fibrous long-range order structure both in two-dimension directions. In addition, SCFs were distributed parallel to the hot-pressing direction. When the ratio of tube cavity was 3∶1, thermal conductivity of C/C composites in axial direction increased from 86.2 W/(m·K) to 115.5 W/(m·K) and the anisotropy ratio of thermal conductivity decreased from 1.6 to 1.2 C/C. Composites obtained from this method had obvious two-dimensional orientation structure, which made the coefficient of thermal conductivity in two-dimension direction balanced.",1
"At present the experimental study on carbon dioxide dry capture is mainly given priority to with mechanism, in industrialized device research has not seen the report. With supported solid carbonate as the adsorbent, the experimental study on carbon dioxide capture from flue gas is carried out with fluidized bed adsorption reactor. Experiment measured the effect on the adsorption of different adsorbent, temperature, reaction time, and adsorbent regeneration performance test. The results showed that the adsorbent is the solid sodium carbonate, in the range of 65 ℃-85 ℃. Moreover, absorption time is about 4 min-10 min. In this case, the removal rate of carbon dioxide can reach 97.5%, and adsorbent can reach steady state after 10 times regeneration, so adsorbent can use long-term.",3
"The Ni/Al2O3 catalyst coated in the inner wall of micro-channel prepared by precipitation method was employed to conduct experiments of methane-wet air catalytic reforming. The influence of catalytic temperature, air/CH4 mole rate of the raw gases and the CH4 volume flow rate on CH4 conversion were investigated and compared by the simulation results. The experiment results show that CH4 conversion was increasing by the catalytic temperature increased, and also increased by increasing the air/CH4 mole rate; but with the increase of CH4 volume flow rate of the reaction gases, CH4 conversion increased first and then decreased. When the temperature was 1 023 K, CH4 volume flow rate was 20 mL/min, CH4 conversion got a maximum value 61.3%.",0
"The characteristics of microwave heating are selectivity, penetrability, fast heating rate, easy to control, safety and no pollution. The application of microwave technology in from drying coal, grindability, desulfurization and pyrolysis is reviewed and its application prospect in the field of coal conversion processing is predicted.",2
"This article described the development of research in this field, analyzed the mechanism of the reaction, and discussed the possibility of applying coal ashes as a tool to reduce carbon dioxide emission in China through analysis and calculation using the data from the coal mines in Ordos of Inner Mongolian and Datong of Shanxi Province. That the total amount of calcium oxide and magnesium oxide, both of which are the active constituents in coal ashes to react with carbon dioxide, is very low in the coal ashes, and as a result, the effect of coal ashes in “absorbing” carbon dioxide is quite limited. Therefore, the coal ashes can not serve as an efficient carbon dioxide absorbent that leads to dramatic reduction of carbon dioxide. However, the reaction with carbon dioxide could effectively turn coal ashes into key intergradient of some important industrial products, such as sulfide absorbents and cements, to serve in the purpose of waste recycling.",1
"By using literature metrology method, the author carries out quantitative analysis of fund paper in 2010 published in COAL CONVERSION and JOURNAL OF FUEL CHEMISTRY AND TECHNOLOGY from the following aspects: number of fund paper, organizations and geographical distribution of writers, the fund types and cooperation between the author. To reveal  the present situation of energy and chemical and to provide a reference for future work.",2
"In order to study the rule of free radical changes, free radicals in coal at differ-rent temperatures (350 ℃-600 ℃), different holding times(0 min-30 min) were measured by using EPR. The results show that the EPR method is rapid and direct; the determination of free radical concentration in coal based on standard curve method is more accurate; the radical change rule of coals that from different places is consistency, but its absolute value of initial free radicals concentration is difference, the initial free radical concentration of Shengli coal is 3.034 6×1018/g, and reached the maximum value 26.686 0×1018/g at 550 ℃, 10 min, Xinjiang coal initial free radical concentration is 15.283×1018/g, and reached the maximum value of 57.537×1018/g at 600 ℃, 10 min; this method can provide theoretical basis for the further study of coal pyrolysis mechanism and improvement of the light tar yield.",0
"Exampled by anthracite coal from Sihe coalmine of Qinshui coal basin, Shanxi Province, four coal samples with different deformed extent were extracted by three solvents, including benzene, tetrahydrofuran (THF) and 1-methyl-2-pyrrolidinone (NMP) under the condition of room temperature, the group composition of the extraction were separated and measured by column chromatography method and the extract yield were calculated. The study shows that with the increasing of the damage extent of coal body structure, the extraction ratio shows the increasing trend, in which the maximum extraction rate of the solvent was NMP, THF the second, and then benzene in turn. For the three solvent, the group composition of the extraction shows the same rule: as the damage extent of coal structure increasing, the relative contents of total hydrocarbon decrease, in which the content of alkane hydrocarbons decreases but the content of aromatic hydrocarbons relative increases. And the total contents of non-hydrocarbon increase, in which resin content increases but asphaltene content relatively decreases.",0
"In order to clarify the solution loss kinetics behavior on coke strength after reaction, three representative cokes were used for solution loss reaction experiment. Isothermal reaction between coke and CO2 at 1 050 ℃-1 300 ℃ was stopped at a weight loss of 25%, and the strength of coke was tested by I type drum. The results showed that the temperature of gradient reaction brings the most serious degradation to three cokes were different due to different reactivity, and the temperature of the high reactive coke is about 1 100 ℃ which is lower than another two cokes. Although the strength of high reactive coke after gradient reaction of most serious degradation is poor, reaction rate is accelerated or declined by changing reaction temperature, post-reaction strength of high reactive coke increased markedly.",2
"The pyrolysis experiment of carboniferous high sulfur coal form northwest area of China was made. The influence of different pyrolysis temperature (200 ℃ to 1 000 ℃) and different holding time (20 min to 100 min) on the changes of sulfur forms content were investigated. FTIR was used to analyze the coal samples and their products. The pyrolysis experiment shows that the total sulfur increases firstly with temperature rising and then decreases, reaching to the lowest at 600 ℃. Sulfate sulfur content is low at a range of 0%-0.5%. Pyrites sulfur decreases with the temperature. Organic sulfur content firstly decreases and then increases with the pyrolysis temperature rising. At 500 ℃, organic sulfur decreases to the lowest. The pyrites sulfur removed rate is higher than the rate of organic sulfur. The heteroatom functional groups of oxygen and sulfur in semi-cokes decrease with the rising temperature.",0
"This research mainly explored co-pyrolysis characteristics between low metamorphic coal and oil shale under microwave irradiation, discussed the yield and composition of co-pyrolysis product, and analyzed components of liquid products by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) combined with techniques. The results show that appropriately add low metamorphic coal to oil shale can improve the yield of tar and increase the content of flammable gas-CO, CH4 and H2.Tar is composed mainly of hydrocarbons (about 50%-80%) in which some hydrocarbons such as alkanes and aromatic hydrocarbons are majority (about 40%-50%), and secondly of less oxygenated compounds with phenol-based and none of nitrogen compounds.",0
"Self-inventing new coal gasification furnace is used to complete gasified experiment of varied carbonaceous material. The effects of gasification on purity, crystal morphosis and yield of energy carrier material were analysed.The effects of micro-porosity of bituminite at high temperature and fine powdered carbon in the surface of coke at high temperature on the content of 6H-SiC were studied.It is found that new coal gasification has no effect on the quality of energy carrier material and the high porosity, complexed sectional structure and fine powdered carbon in the surface of coke at high temperature are main reasons for the high content of 6H-SiC.",0
"According to the high ash fusibility coal from Huainan Mining Areas was hard directly to apply to the available liquefaction technique with the liquid coal ash discharging, under the weak reduction air, the  intelligent ash fusion detector and X-ray diffractometer were applied to study the ash fusion characteristics temperature and mineral behavior of typical coal samples with base flux. It is shown that, as the ashing temperature go up, the mullite derived from kaolinite was formed, the transimittance of carbonate decrease gradually. Fluxes of ADC and ADF which react with other minerals in coal ash to form fayalite, hereynite, gehlenite, anhydrite at high temperature can lower the ash fusion temperature effectively.",1
"The effects of two kinds of iron-based catalyst on quick coal liquefaction at high temperature (QCLHT) are investigated by using a micro-autoclave reactor when Yanzhou coal is selected as object of study. The results shows that the pyrolytic behavior of the coal is influenced slightly when Fe2S3 and high dispersion iron-based catalyst are respectively supported in the coal; hydrogen can participating in coal liquefaction more easily when the coal is impregnated by Fe2S3, at the same time, a lighter distribution of products of coal liquefaction can be realized; under the condition of excellent and sufficient hydrogen donating solvent, the hydrogen donating rate of solvent is much higher than that of hydrogen conversion and the role of catalyst is not obvious. The role of elemental sulfur is in relation to its combination form with the iron series main catalyst according to the comparison of the catalytic results of QCLHT when high dispersion iron-based catalyst with S as additive and impregnated Fe2S3 are selected as catalyst respectively.",0
"Effects of temperature, contents of steelmaking flue dust, CoSO4 and NiSO4 and adding ways were investigated on liquefaction of coal sample from Wucaiwan under reaction conditions that ratio of solvent to coal was 2.75∶1, reaction time 60 min, and initial hydrogen pressure 6.0 MPa. Results indicated that under the given conditions, we obtained maximum oil yield of 64.59% when the amount of steelmaking flue dust was  3% and temperature was 415 ℃. When CoSO4 and NiSO4 mixed with the dust and sample, yields of oil and conversion decreased. Oil yield were 68.01% and 66.58% respectively, when NiSO4 and CoSO4 were added by supported. We still obtained a good liquefaction results when steelmaking flue dust, NiSO4 and CoSO4 as cata-lysts, although analytical results of the coal sample showed that liquefaction performance of the sample wasn’t enough well.",3
"Due to SF coal has high content of moisture and oxygen-containing groups, so it’s difficult to obtain high-concentration coal-water slurry. In this paper, we have studied the preparation process conditions of coal-water slurry has particle classification and dispersant compound etc. Research has demonstrated that when the ratio of particle classification 500 mesh, 325 mesh and 200 mesh is 5∶1∶4, the ratio of dispersant of ethoxylated dodecylalcohol and sodium lignin sulfonate is 0.8∶0.8, the coal-water slurry has the lowest apparent viscosity for 1 020 mPa·s, the best stability of 15 d and the higher concentration of 62%.",3
Kaiyang coal in Guizhou Province was used and systemically analyzed. The slurryability of Kaiyang coal was evaluated according to the slurryability index D of bituminous coal. The slurryability and rheological behaviour of Kaiyang coal water slurry were analyzed. The results show that the slurry prepared from Kaiyang coal has higher slurryability and good mobility. The rheological behaviour of Kaiyang coal water slurry exhibits pseudoplasticity. Kaiyang coal water slurry has more economic and practical advantages when the amount of YKL accounted for 0.15% of Kaiyang coal. Kaiyang coal water slurry prepared by concentration of 63% meets the requirements of coal slurry pressurized gasification technology.,2
"The starch graft copolymer was prepared by the radical polymerization using styrene(St) and hydroxyethyl acrylate (HEA) as graft monomers in oxidation-reduction initiator system. The copolymer was characterized and analyzed by infrared spectrum (FT-IR), dynamic contact angle and Zeta potential. It was investigated that the added quantity of the dispersant and the amount of CWS affect the Shenhua coal slurry preparation performance. The experiment demonstrates that CWS show the best behavior and the apparent viscosity would be 852 mPa·s when the amount of CWS is 65% and the dosage of dispersant produced on optimum conditions is 0.5%.",3
"The temperature distribution of internal heating type low-temperature distillation furnace was simulated by computational fluid dynamics (CFD) software in this paper. Standard k-ε model, species transport model, porous medium model and P1 radiation model were selected. It is found that the temperature distribution trends near the entrance remain stable when changing the ratio of re-blow coal gas and air. The highest temperature in the furnace was considerably influenced by the ratio and reached the maximum point 1 870 ℃ at the ratio of 0.6. The optimal ratio of re-blow coal gas and air 1.8 was determined according to the principle of low temperature dry distillation and the simulation results of the temperature distribution of the coal seam in the furnace chamber.",0
"The ignition properties of Zixi Mongolia coal and Wu coal were investigated using the thermogravimetry technique (TG-DTG). The influence of ignition propertyes in different heating rate and different particle size were discussed. Kinetic parameters of coal combustion process were obtained. According to the index R of the release of combustion products of coal, the ignition properties of coal was determined. Under the experimental conditions the following conclusions were obtained: 1) the heating rate is lower, the index R of the release of combustion products is larger. So the lower heating rate is beneficial to the ignition. But the heating rate has little effect on the  ignition properties of Zixi Mongolia coal; 2) the same rate of temperature conditions, the Wu coal: 0.2 mm-0.3 mm weightlessness is the largest, less than 0.15 mm and 0.15 mm-0.2 mm basic consistently; since the burning of Zixi Mongolia coal: 0.2 mm-0.3 mm weightlessness minimum, less than 0.15 mm weightlessness and 0.15 mm-0.2 mm weightlessness are basically the same; 3) through two kinds of coal combustion process for the dynamic analysis of the Wu coal combustion process that the activation energy of higher than the Zixi Mongolia coal.",0
"An Indonesian low rank coal was compressed into high strength binderless briquettes in a double roller briquetting machine. The BET surface, pore volume and surface functional group of raw coal and briquette coal were analyzed and compared. The briquette’s relative ignition temperature and adiabatic oxidation heating rate were measured. The pyrolysis and combustion characteristics have been studied. The results showed that the collapse of pores in coal, leading to coal shrinkage, took place while hydroxyl, carbonyl and carboxyl groups decomposed during drying and high pressure binderless briquetting. The upgraded coal had lower spontaneous combustion propensity, and its reactivity during pyrolysis and combustion decreased.",0
"Coal ash is China’s largest single source of solid waste, of which the submicron fly ash are particularly troublesome, since they are enriched with the toxic heavy metals and have a high probability of escaping common air pollution control devices. To investigate its formation mechanisms during coal combustion, the interaction between different minerals in the coal and its effect on the formation of the submicron fly ash were studied. Three bituminous coals were combusted in the drop tube furnace and the produced ash was collected and separated by low-pressure impactor. The X-ray fluorescence(XRF)and the transmission electron microscopy-energy dispersion spectroscopy(TEM-EDS)are used to characterize the minerals in the coal and the submicron ash. With respect to the influence of the modes of occurrence of elements, it was investigated from the consideration of the mineral association in parent coals, i.e., included or excluded particles. According to the experimental results, it was concluded that the association of inherent minerals with the carbonaceous matrix was primarily important for determining their transformation into submicron ash. The excluded minerals barely contribute to submicron ash formation. The transformation behaviors of Si and Al were possibly affected by the amount of excluded in raw coals.",1
"A series of Cr2O3/γ-Al2O3 catalysts with different Cr2O3 loading ratio were prepared by incipient wetness impregnation method. Then the influences of the calcination temperature, methane concentration and space velocity on the activity of palladium catalyst were investigated as well as their sulfur resistance ability. According to the research results, it is found that Cr2O3/γ-Al2O3 catalysts showed a good performance on catalytic activity, which enhanced with the increasing of Cr2O3 loading ratio at first and then decreased. It is also observed that the activity of Cr2O3/γ-Al2O3 catalyst with 20% Cr2O3 loading ratio was positive correlation with methane concentration, but negative correlation with space velocity. Based on an overall consideration, Cr2O3/γ-Al2O3 catalyst with 20% Cr2O3 loading ratio calcinated at 400 ℃ had the highest catalytic activity for lean methane oxidation as well as a relatively strong sulfur resistance ability.",0
"As for the single zinc oxide loading type desulfurizer, desulfurization accuracy can reach 0.1×10-6, but its sulfur capacity is relatively lower. In this study, the supported ZnO-MnO2/γ-Al2O3 sorbents were prepared by the impregnation method. The effect of MnO2 additive on phase, texture and specific surface area of Zn based sorbents were investigated by XRD and BET, respectively. The desulfurization performance was studied from Zn: Mn loading, sintering temperature and sulfidation temperature in a fixed bed reactor. The results revealed that H2S could be removed from 65×10-6 to less than 0.1×10-6 and the largest sulfur content was 19.08 g S/100 g (ZnO-MnO2) by the sorbent with 8∶1 mole ratio of Zn∶Mn and 20% loading. The additive MnO2 phase can obviously enhanced the properties of single zinc oxide loading desulfurizer.",0
"The reaction characteristics of CaO absorbing CO2 were investigated by discussing the influence of reaction conditions on the carbonated reaction and analyzing the dynamic property with unreacted shrinking core model. The results showed that the chemical reaction rate constant of the carbonation reaction is nearly a constant at 650 ℃-750 ℃; the product layer diffusion coefficient increasing with the increase of temperature; the activation energy of chemical reaction control section was Ea=29.70 kJ/mol, and of the product control section was Ea=92.80 kJ/mol; with the volume fraction of CO2 increasing, the reaction rate and conversion rate increased.",2
"With Shanbei machine-made semicoke as the raw material, the actived carbon was prepared in the N2-atmosphere tube furnace by KOH activation method, whose BET specific surface area is 810.017 2 m2/g and BJH mean pore size is 6.579 3 nm. The activation temperature and time, alkali/semicoke ratio, mixed styles of alkali and semicoke, and semicoke types were considered to have effects on the adsorption performance of active carbon. The optimum preparation procedure is determined that Xingmao semicoke is used as the raw material, KOH powder is used as the activated agent, the activation temperature is 800 ℃, the activation time is 1 h and the ratio of alkali/semicoke is 5∶1.",2
"In order to investigate the effect of heating rate and pyrolysis temperature to products distribution and absorption of heat in the coal pyrolysis process, the coal pyrolysis processes were researched with TG/ DTG and TG-FTIR analysis in this paper. The influence of heating-up speed and temperature of coal pyrolysis to gas product distribution were investigated, and the properties of the coke from reaction were analyzed. The results indicate that the whole absorption of heat in the coal pyrolysis process decreased with the increase of the heating rate. The pyrolysis temperature, at which the coal tar components(mainly aromatic, aliphatic, fat alicyclic) reached a maximum content, increased with the heating rate, while the gas components  released quickly with the increase of heating rate. Coke structure was gradually dense with the increase of pyrolysis temperature, crack produced in the coke and aromatic forms increased at higher temperature, and at the same time, the oxygen and nitrogen content of coke decreased with the increase of pyrolysis temperature due to the continuous cracks of nitrides and oxygenates.",0
"This article investigated the volatile evolution characteristics and estimated the corresponding reaction kinetics of five coal samples belonging to different coal rank in the pyrolysis via programmed and isothermal heating realized in thermogravimetric analyzer and micro fluidized bed (MFB) respectively. The pyrolysis via programmed heating demonstrated that the release sequence of the volatile gases was CO2, CO, CH4 and H2 in succession, whereas the isothermal pyrolysis in MFB showed that the gas release of CO and CO2 was also preceded CH4 and H2. For the isothermal fast pyrolysis in MFB, the activation energy of the five coal samples was 17 kJ/mol-35 kJ/mol, obviously lower than that for the pyrolysis via programmed heating. The reaction order of CO2 and CO was found to be close to 1 and that for the formation of CH4 and H2 obviously deviated from 1, which demonstrates essentially the difference in the formation mechanism for these two groups of volatile gases.",0
"In order to separate the macerals in Shenfu coal, the influence of pH values, surfactants and inorganic modifier on the surface electrical properties of macerals were investigated. The results show that changing the pH values of the system, addition of the cationic surfactant CTAB and inorganic modifier AlCl3 to the system are beneficial to increase the differences between the vitrain and fusain. The influence of pH values and agent concentration on maceral zeta potential is synergistic.",2
"Based on the present utilization situation of coal slime, this paper investigated the carbon dioxide gasification of Shigetai coal slime and fine coal slime after flotation at different heating rates using thermogravimetric analysis, and by TG/DTG curve of the gasification reaction, calculated the gasification conversion and examined the influence of flotation on coal slime gasification. Coats-Redfern and Doyle approximations were used to simulate the gasification behaviors for seeking activation energy and pre-exponential factor. The result showed that the values of the activation energy and the pre-exponential factor of coal slime and fine coal slime decrease with the increase of heating rate, while both are similar at same heating rate; high levels of minerals and ash in coal slime have catalytic action on the gasification.",0
"With Aspen Plus software, the model of coal gasifying process for Shell furnace was established, and used for simulation and optimization of coal gasifying process in Xinjiang Zhundong. With the aim of high content of (CO+H2), by single-factor research, the optimum operation conditions are 2 MPa of pressure, 0.73 kg/kg of O2/coal and 0.09 kg/kg of H2O/coal; by multi-factor research, the optimum operation conditions are 2 MPa of pressure, 0.78 kg/kg of O2/coal and 0.05 kg/kg of H2O/coal. The sequence of influence of factors is the interaction of  O2/coal and H2O/coal＞O2/coal＞H2O/coal＞pressure.",1
"The autoclave and pressurized fixed bed reactor were used, and the proximate and ultimate analysis of raw and hydrothermal pretreated lignite, the carbon conversion and gas product component were analyzed. By these methods, the hydrothermal upgrading of Inner Mongocla lignite and the catalytic gasification behaviors of its wastewater at different temperatures were studied. The results showed that: the hydrothermal process can remove moisture，reduce the oxygen content but increase the fixed and elemental carbon content; the gasification reactivity of the organic matter in the hydrothermal wastewater was higher, resulting in its higher catalytic gasification rate and carbon conversion; the organic matter can be converted into recyclable gas, and the main component of the gas were H2, CO2 and CH4, while the CO content was lower.",0
"The research showed that various factors with different implications by analyzing the eight factors in affecting the performance of Shenhua coal direct liquefaction reaction, and the separation performance of liquid oil and solid for the liquefied oil yield was also significant. The analysis of the impact reasons and proposed corrective measures for optimizing plant operations could provide the reference for adjusting the actual production operation, installation and stable operation, further deciding the appropriate process conditions, and providing the basis for improving plant productivity and coal direct liquefaction technology gradually maturity. Finally, it proposed the key of the direct hydrogenation of coal liquefaction industrialization was not just technology issues, the reliability of equipment operation should not be ignored.",1
"In this paper，Yanzhou coal is extracted in a soxhlet extractor with tetrahydrofuran（THF） as extracting solvent. Both the raw coal and the THF extracted coal are analyzed by SEM,BET,TG and IR spectrum. Experiments on quick coal liquefaction at high temperature (QCLHT) of raw coal and its THF extracted coal are carried out. The effect of soxhlet extraction of solvent on the structure and liquefaction performance of the extracted coal is investigated by the comparison with raw coal. The results show that both the structure and pyrolysis behavior of the residual coal are changed; the conversion rate of QCLHT of the residual coal is higher than that of raw coal; low molecular compounds can play a role of hydrogen donor in the QCLHT reaction without external active hydrogen resource.",0
"Non-isothermal combustion experiments of different additive amount of bituminous (0%, 20%, 40%, 60%, 80%, 100%) were conducted by synthesized thermogravimetry analyzer(STA409PC) from room temperature to 900 ℃ in air. The changes of combustion characteristic parameters of pulverized coals in different atmospheres are analyzed. The results show that DTG curves of coal combustion move to low temperature zones when the amount of bituminous increases. It indicates that both ignition and burn out temperature are lower, burn out time decreases, combustion characteristic index obviously increases, and combustion performance of blending coal are improved. The isoconversional method involving Flynn-Wall-Ozawa（FWO） methods was used for the kinetic analysis of the main combustion process. The results indicated that when the additive amount of bituminous varied from 0 to 100%, the value of activation energy which would sharply reduce if the additive amount of bituminous was under 60% increased from 133.94 kJ/mol to 78.03 kJ/mol by using FWO method.",0
"The fragmentation characteristic of coal in the circulating fluidized bed boiler greatly changes the particle size distribution of the bed material,and it has large effects on the granule concentration in the bed, heat and mass transfer of bed material and the combustion process of coal particles.Because of the complexity of the circulating fluidized bed boiler and the difficulty to observe the phenomenon,the primary fragmentation characteristics of different coals are determined in a tube furnace.The research results show that different kinds of coal have different fragmentation forms.Bituminous coal particles follow the ring nuclear-layer fragmentation form； lean coal and anthracite coal both show the center-fragmentation and the surface-fracture,some particles break into fine particles rapidly due to their heat explosion characteristics；the fragmentation of coal gangue happens parallel to its bedding planes,and the particles break into fragments.In addition,the effects of particle size, bed temperature and heating atmosphere on the primary fragmentation of Xishan lean coal and Yangquan anthracite coal are further researched.",1
"Numerical simulation on a novel liquid slag-removal burner is performed to study the influence of excess air coefficient on velocity, temperature and component concentration distribution. Results show that small excess air coefficient (α= 0.7, 0.8) can result in low burn-out rate of pulverized coal. When α is no lower than 1.0, pulverized coal can burn more completely, but NOx emission increases. In this paper, staged combustion is carried out in the burner with less oxygen (α=0.9) to reduce local oxygen concentration, which can not only realize liquid slag discharge, but also inhibit the generation of NOx.Over-fire air added into the furnace after high temperature flue gas gets cool makes the combustible components burn again, which improves the burn-out ratio. Thermal state experiment is conducted on the burner to investigate the influence of heat load by combining simulation with experiment, which shows the burner has good adaptability to variable heat load. The numerical simulation results tally with the experiment results.",0
"In this paper, process of preparation of carbon adsorbent by drying of lignite-charring-removing impurity-shaping-activation is researched and activation experiment of the obtained carbon adsorbent was introduced primarily by using steam. The effect law of activation temperature，activation time and steam consumption on yield and iodine adsorption value of carbon adsorbent product was obtained. In the test the best process condition is: when the activation temperature is 700 ℃，the activation time is 4 h，the steam consumption is 1.2 kg/(kg adsorbent ·h)，0.9 kg/(kg adsorbent ·h) and 0.78 kg/(kg adsorbent ·h), the yield and iodine adsorption value of carbon adsorbent product obtain 28%（1 048 mg/g），31%（800 mg/g）and 32.5% （700 mg/g） respectively. The obtained carbon adsorbent was characterized by scanning electron microscope observation，we found that carbon adsorbent product structure is more loose and microporous has an increasing trend.",3
"The characters of two types of activated carbon absorbents in the processes of NO and SO2 adsorption at room temperature were investigated by adsorption breakthrough curve and adsorption capacity in this work. The results show that, in the absence of O2, the adsorptive capability for NO of these two activated carbon absorbents are extremely weak. Obvious improvement of NO adsorption could be observed in the adsorption process under the O2-attendance conditions. For individual component adsorption, the two sorbents show a higher adsorption capacity in SO2 than in NO, and the presence of O2 could promote the adsorption both NO and SO2. Coal activated carbon has better capacity of absorbing SO2 and the process might be promoted by certain species produced by NO pre-adsorption. SO2 has an inhibiting effect on NO adsorption. In the simultaneous adsorption of NO-SO2-O2, NO and SO2 may not occupy the same active site independently. It means that new adsorbed intermediate species may formed during the co-adsorption of NO-SO2-O2. The coconut shell activated carbon performed better than the coal activated carbon in the co-adsorption process at room temperature.",3
"The activated carbon fiber is a kind of highly effective separation and adsorption material, which takes polymer as raw material while carbonization and activation in high temperature. In this study, we use waste organic silk as raw material, seek feasibility to manufacture activated carbon fiber in different condition. In the end, through the SEM, XRD, IR and adsorption of methylene blue trihydrate, we has preparated excellent performance activated carbon fiber and concluded optimal conditions: carbonization temperature is 650 ℃, activation is in CO2 atmosphere, activation temperature is 950 ℃, activation time is 60 min.",0
"Oil-based drilling cuttings (ODC) and waste drilling mud (WDM) both are typical and difficult degradation substances containing high concentration of organic contaminants. However, if they serve as the binder of briquette, it will be able to digest organic contaminants easily, recycle the heat value and improve the sulfur retention rate at the same time. In this paper, the three-component briquette (TCB) was made from meager coal (PM, from Yibin in Sichuan Province), ODC and WDM (from Daanzhai oil field). Besides, the optimal proportion of three components was obtained by taking low heat value (Qnet,ad) and dry ash free basis volatile matter (Vdaf) of clean briquette as indexes through orthogonal experiment design. The results showed that the optimal proportion was 65∶35∶9, and the TCB not only met the code of clean briquette but also was more energy-efficient and more environmental than ordinary briquette. This work has provided the resource utilization of the drilling waste with a promising technique route, for it is low-carbon and environmental-friendly.",0
"Fiber ceramsite was made from fly ash, wheat straw and admixtures (cement, lime, gypsum and water glass) by the processes of mix, balling, aging and maintenance. Took specific surface area (SSA) as the main investigation index, the effect of admixtures, straw particle size and its dosage on fiber ceramsite's SSA were analysed through single factor experiment and orthogonal test, and the results showed that, the primary-secondary influencing factors of admixtures on SSA could be arranged as follows: lime>water glass>cement>gypsum; the optimum preparation solution of fiber ceramsite made from wheat straw and fly ash was: selected and used 10% wheat straw grinded twice, that was to say, the mass ratio of wheat straw and fly ash was 1∶9; the use level of admixtures was: lime 8%, water glass 2%, cement 3%, gypsum 2.5%, and the SSA of fiber ceramsite obtained under this condition was 7.925 m2/g.",2
"Biomass materials for producing char had been selected after analyzing the influences of the two aspects on biomass carbonization. The two aspects are respectively the results of proximate analysis and lignin content of biomass materials. Forest biomass is suitable for biomass carbonization. The use of forest branches, sawdust and fuel forest for carbonization should been strengthened. In order to realize industrialization of biomass carbonization, heat exchanges for biomass pyrolysis utilizing residual heat of the flue should been designed. It needs to know the caloric requirement of pyrolysis. TG-DSC simultaneous thermal analyzer was used for experiments of sawdust. The analysis of caloric requirement of biomass carbonization was made. When the carbonization temperature was 500 ℃（the initial temperature was 40 ℃）, caloric requirement was 491 kJ/kg. This paper also pointed out a DSC curve’s application method in heat transfer design and verification of heat exchange for biomass pyrolysis.",0
"The preparation process of biomass coal-based fuel charcoal（BCFC） were obtained by experimental, then its briquetting mechanism and combustion characteristics were studied. The optimal process parameters of BCFC were determined as following: Yuzhou coal, corn stalk and organic binder are mixed at a mass ratio 81∶6∶13, and carbonized after briquetting. The bio-briquette structure and caking property of Yuzhou coal and binder are the foundation of the BCFC briuqetting. The combustion intensity of commercial fuel charcoal is higher than that of BCFC in the initial stage of combustion, while their magnitude of combustion prolongation is on the contrary, because of the difference of their volatile mater, fixed carbon and calorific value.",0
"The catalyst were used in the process of carbonization for the biomass type coal such as Na2CO3, NaHCO3 and NaOH, the effect were studied in the process of preparation for the active coke, and the ignition loss and the adsorption value of iodine was analyzed. The research results showed that Na2CO3, NaHCO3 and NaOH have a certain effect on the process of preparation for the active coke, and the catalytic effect of Na2CO3 is the most significant; the alkaline of catalyst  also has an important influence, the stronger the alkaline is, the better the results are.",0
"During synthesizing NaA zeolite from fly ash with two step process, the dissolve law and concentration of Si and Al in fly ash with different NaOH concentration solution was investigated. The influences of temperature, time and NaOH concentration was analyzed by XRD and CEC during crystallization. The results show that the best process parameters are: the crystallization temperature is 100 ℃, the time is 4 h,the NaOH concentration is 2.5 M. Under the conditions above, pure and well-crystallized NaA zeolite was synthesized with CEC 4.3 mmol/g.",3
"Based on the single whisker axisymmetrical and others research production, the effect of varied whisker aspect ratio on the mechanical behavior of this composites is analysed by the finite element analysis method. It is shown that, 1) the effect to the whisker than to the resin by the aspect of whisker; 2) the more of the aspect ratio of the whisker, the larger of the concentrated stress occur on the bottom of whisker when the aspect ratio less than 30,however when the aspect ratio beyond 30,the effect of aspect ratio on the concentrated stress is very small; 3) the more of the aspect ratio of the whisker, the smaller of the shearing stress occur on the interface when the aspect ratio less than 30,however when the aspect ratio beyond 30,the effect of aspect ratio to the shearing stress is very small; 4) the more of the aspect ratio of the whisker ,the larger of the tensile-strength in the composites.",2
"To reveal the exiting state and solubilization behavior of solule components in coal, vitrinite from Liangjia long flame coal (LJJY) was extracted using Soxhlet extractor with CS2 and soluble components sampled as time in batches or times were analyzed using FTIR and GC/MS for qualitative and quantitative analysis. The results show that the initial extraction rate of LJJY extracted using Soxhlet extractor with CS2 is rapidder, subsequently slows down and the total extraction rate is not high. The dissolution process of CS2 extracts as follows: more alipha-tic hydrocarbons and less substituted aromatics are dissolved in early extraction, over time, aliphatic hydrocarbons decrease and substituted aromatic contents relatively increase, and finally the non-substituted aromatic compounds and oxygen-containing compounds are main dissolution. The process of coal metamorphism mainly exists three types of reaction, which are aromatization reaction, splitting and stability reaction and condensation reaction.",0
"By the methods of acid decalcification and added minerals, the effects of different fractions in calcium mineral and its contents on lignite ash melting characteristics were investigated on the ash fusion temperature analyzer. The results show that calcium oxide micro-crystallites, which generated from ashing process of organic calcium, are more easily interact with other minerals and form glassy materials, or low melting point eutectic materials (e.g. anorthite, gehlenite), than calcium oxide particles from the transformation of inorganic calcium minerals, and results in the drop of lignite ash melting point. Both two lignite ash melting points firstly decreased, and then increased with the increase of calcium oxide content, and when the calcium oxide content is in the range of 30%-35%, the ash melting point is the lowest. With the increase of calcium oxide content, the position of HLH ashes in SiO2-Al2O3-CaO three phase diagrams moves from high melting point mullite district to the lower melting point of anorthite and gehlenite area, finally reaches the high melting point di-calcium silicate zone, and XLT ashes move from anorthite to gehlenite to di-calcium silicate zone.",2
"Co-pyrolysis characteristics of low rank coal mixed with biomass（duckweed ）in different proportions were studied in a dry distillation equipment, and focusing on the coal tar of the product with GC-MS in order to investigate the reaction mechanism of the co-pyrolysis between biomass and coal. Furthermore， the research studied on the pyrolysis mechanism with biomass added by thermogravimetric analyzer. The results show that low-temperature tar could be upgraded with the increasing of biomass content, straight chain alkanes and high-value chemicals such as naphthalene, phenol, anthracene were enriched. The biomass can do favor to the pyrolysis process of coal by reducing the temperature of coal’s pyrolysis and active energy(E), The co-pyrolysis process belongs to first-order kinetic reaction, and the synergetic effect was found during coal and biomass co-prolysis by comparing with the individual pyrolysis.",0
"The mixture of low metamorphic coal and plastic is studied under the condition of microwave pyrolysis, using infrared analysis and GC-MS to characterize the blue-coal and tar, and the effects of condensing temperature on the tar yield and component are investigated that is focused on. This research shows that with the decrease of the condensing temperature, the tar yield increased gradually, while the gas yield decreased. When the condensing temperature decreased from 25 ℃ to -10 ℃, the content of alkane, olefin and phenols showed a downward trend that decreased respectively to 12.701%, 7.044% and 7.923%, while the content of aromatic hydrocarbon increased significantly to 50.572%. The light components of C5-C10 in the tar decreased from 43.545% to 22.976%, while the intermediate components of C11-C18 increased from 32.730% to 32.730%, and the heavy components over C19 changed a little.",0
"Based on the step utilization of brown coal pyrolysis, partial gasification, and residual carbon combustion, a brown coal from Shigouyi Coal Mine in Ningxia was chosen as research object to produce the rapid and slow coal chars at temperature of 700 ℃950 ℃ in a horizontal tube furnace.The effect of pyrolysis conditions on carbon microcrystal structure and BET surface area of chars was investigated. The carbon dioxide gasification reactivity was analyzed by thermogravimetric-mass spectrometric technology, and different evolution indexes were used to characterize the reactivity of chars. It is found that the gasification rate of Shigouyi chars increases by more than 50% with the temperature increasing by 50 ℃. When the pyrolysis temperature rises, the carbon microcrystal structure of coal chars becomes more orderly and the BET surface area decreases. However, the gasification reactivity is mainly controlled by gasification temperature. The gasification reactivity of rapid pyrolyzed coal char is better than that of slow pyrolyzed coal char, and the difference between them become greater as gasification temperature rises. Average specific reaction rates of both rapid and slow pyrolyzed chars have a linear relationship with reaction index.",0
"Much consumption of fossil fuels has caused serious crisis and environmental impact locally and globally. On the base of high-ash coal  idle, this text  analyses the best  utilization way and  pilot test on a 3 m×16 m fluidized gasifier, taking high-ash powdered coal of Yima as raw material. It was found that the temperature, pressure, composition and flow rate of coal gas had a small change and the test process was steady and successful especially on fully load. Moreover, this test improves that the fluid bed is appropriate for the high-ash powdered coal.",1
"The paper chooses supercritical methanol treatment to remove oxide from lignite and mainly focuses on the effect of temperature, pressure, catalysts and pretreatment ways on deoxidizing rate(R). Experiment results indicate that the deoxidizing rate increases with temperature and pressure within a certain range of temperature and pressure. The deoxidizing rate reaches its maximum at 330 ℃ and decreases if temperature is above that value. Base catalysts are better to raise the deoxidizing rate than acid catalysts. Under the same temperature and pressure, the deoxidizing rate of the sample after swelling is 5.39% higher than that of the original sample. While the water in the lignite sample has no effect on the deoxidizing rate. So that a high deoxidizing rate needs swelling the coal at first and base as catalysts. Temperature and pressure should reach the critical state at least. After swelling pretreatment in methanol for 8 h, the lignite is treated with methanol for 60 min at 330 ℃, 8.2 MPa. The weight ratio of methanol：Xilinhaote lignite is 5∶1. Solid NaOH is added as catalyst(1%). Under these conditions, deoxidizing rate can reach 32.94%.",2
"As a hydrogen donor solvent of wash oil, it was investigated to affect of three factors such as ratio of solvent to coal, reaction temperature, and initial H2 pressure on liquefaction properties of the sample of Wucaiwan coal from Xinjiang. Results show that in the coal sample hydro-liquefaction progress，the material which has strong hydrogen donor ability formed so that  enhancing its hydrogen donor ability，after wash oil was partially hydrogenated. Compared with tetrahydronaphthalene，ratio of solvent to coal reduced from 3 to 1.75, final pressure was 16.3 MPa，which was similar to under condition of tetrahydronaphthalene as a solvent, although the initial H2 pressure was 8.0 MPa. Oil yield was 59.24%, and conversion was 81.05%.",1
"Xinjiang coal is hard for the preparation of coal-water slurry for its high moisture content. Due to Xinjiang coal’s low ash content, there will be a broad application prospects to prepare oil-coal slurry with it. The preparation conditions and the performance under different conditions of Xinjiang oil-coal slurry were studied. The results show that: when using sodium lignosulphonate as dispersant and polyacrylamide 10000 as stabilizer, pulverized coal is 50 g, diesel is 23 mL, water is 26 mL, the oil-coal slurry has the lowest apparent viscosity and the best stability. The performance of the oil-coal slurry prepared with composite dispersant which was made by SDBS and ethoxylated dodecylalcohol in accordance with the ratio of 1∶1 is better than that with a single dispersant.",3
"With the FCC slurry as raw material, using multi-tube and single-tube well-crucible furnace controlled by programmed heating, and a reactor which contained pneumatic guide structure to prepare highly ordered mesophase coke. The experiment focuses on two reactor structures’ influences on the ordered growth of mesophase, in accordance with the exploration of the impact on the ordered growth of mesophase coke by gas current and the changes of ordered mesophase structure in high temperature process. The experiment discovered that during the process of materials’ thermal polymerization in the reactor with pneumatic guide structure, the mesophase spherule guided by the upcurrent melts orderly and gradually develops to domain structure. Thus it can prepare well-ordered mesophase coke which can be used to develop good intermediate phase differentiation burnt. Proper calcinations temperature would result in the further perfection and improvement of ordered mesophase coke structure and performance.",2
The light and heavy components of Shenglong coal tar was extracted and separated through an independent development of low-temperature extraction system. Feeding type was optimized and the influence of solvent ratio to the extraction yield of light and heavy components was analyzed and discussed. The influence of extraction number to the rule of solution and precipitation of the components and the process operability was discussed. The qualitative and quantitative analysis of light components was identified by GC/MS. Main components in light components are polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and the higher relative content of naphthalene is found which is 23.10%.,0
"This experiment studied on the sample of needle coke which were activated in different concentrations of nitric acid, then the surface composition and internal structure of the samples were analyzed by infrared spectra and X-ray diffraction; and the electrochemical cyclic voltammetry of the samples were tested. The results of electrochemical performance test showed that: the content of carboxyl, hydroxyl and carbonyl of needle coke surface oxygen functional groups which were activated by nitric treatment had increased; the average microcrystalline size of needle coke had reduced; the specific capacitance of needle coke had increased by 39.8% after activation.",2
"The sodium lignosulphonate was fractionated by means of ultrafiltration, and the grafted copolymer was prepared by using the 5 000-10 000 fraction and acrylic acid. The structure of the products was characterized by FTIR, and surface tension, contact angle and the properties of coal water slurry (CWS) were examined. The results showed that: the grafted copolymer(LA) was more available to decrease the surface tension, and the contact angle of LA was less than that of sodium lignosulphonate. When the grafter was used in additives for CWS, the CWS viscosity could be reduced 100 mPa·s to 300 mPa·s which was equal to sodium naphthalene sulfonate and it could give a better static stability.",3
"N2 adsorption method is a popular method in measuring materials with pore because it is easier in operation and its sample can be recycled. By using different mathematic models to deal with the adsorption data, the result of micropore（<2 nm） as well as mesopore and macropore（2 nm-100 nm） can be obtained at the same time. Coal-based active carbons were characterized by N2 adsorption method and scanning electronic microscopy in the research. The BJH method was introduced in theory and four typical isotherm of active carbon were summarized. By combining N2 adsorption analyzing method with SEM, their characteristics of pore were clarified completely. The research results may be useful for the research works as well as production action involving active carbons.",3
"The effects of quick lime （CaO） on combustion characteristics of lignite was studied by TGA. The comprehensive combustibility parameter S, the combustibility indexes C and the composite indexes on ignition and burning Rw, which can well indicate the combustion characteristics, were adopted. Then the chemical kinetics parameters, i.e. activation energy E and frequency factor A were calculated in this paper. The result showed that: burning process was clearly divided into two phases after addition of quick lime. With the ratio of quick lime increasing, the pre-combustion intensity was gradually weakened, the post-combustion intensity was gradually increased. The content of quick lime reaches 20%, the activation energy of the samples decreased slightly and the maximum burning rate of lignite and quick lime blending was faster than raw coal. But with the amount of quick lime increasing, burnout performance of sample get worse.",2
"Effect of the corn straw and cow dung on the combustion characteristic of the powdered coal was studied by thermal analysis technology in this paper. The results show that the combustion characteristic of the powdered coal improved significantly by adding a certain amount of corn straw or cow dung. The fire point of mixture for biomass and coal is lower than powdered coal obviously, and the temperature range reaching maximum combustion speed is less than the powdered coal obviously. The powdered coal could completely combust in a narrow range of temperature quickly. The effect of biomass is gradually decreased with the content of powdered coal increasing. The corn straw is better than cow dung in the combustion characteristic of the mixture for coal and biomass.",2
"Effects of the calcination temperatures on the activity of Ni-SiO2 for catalyzing methanation reaction was studied. The experiments were conducted in a slurry bed reactor. The prepared catalysts were characterized by TPR, XRD and BET.  The results showed that the active species Ni in catalysts could  completely form NiO at 350 ℃.  The calcined temperature was a very important factor, affecting both catalyst’s specific area and particle size of active species.  The particle sizes of active components increased while the specific surface area decreased as calcination temperature increased. However, the CH4 yield from the catalysts increased and then decreased with increasing the calcination temperature from 350 ℃ to 700 ℃.  It illustrated that, for the experimental conditions examined, the optimal calcination temperatures of Ni-SiO2 catalyst were among 450 ℃-550 ℃, and higher or lower than that would reduce the catalytic activity.",3
"The arsenic content of coal, fly ash, soil and crop in a village of Guizhou Province was studied in this paper, and sequential chemical extraction method was used for fly ash. The results shows that the arsenic content of coal, soil and fly ash in the researched area are all serious excessive with the standard, generally exceeded 100 mg/kg. The arsenic in fly ash are mainly exist as residues state (57%), the next are iron and manganese oxides combined state (17.62%), arsenic in organic combined state (12.08%), sulfide combined state (11.68%), carbonate combined state (0.97%), and water soluble and exchangeable arsenic content (0.65%). The arsenic emissions of resident’s daily coal use are comparatively large, the daily average emission of every family user reaches to 576.22 mg, the emission rate is 48.07%, the average annual emission is 0.21 kg. The utilization of high-As coal has caused serious problems on crops.",1
"Gas producing ratio and energy consumption rate were computed respectively in the IGCC system, the IGCC system with pre-combustion CO2 capturing and that with oxy-combustion CO2 recycling. It was showed from the computed results that when coal and the gasification were in the same condition, the steam and gas turbine’s work declined and the IGCC system thermal efficiency reduced by 5.851%, which was due to the capturing of CO2 gas. When CO2 reduction rate was 86.55%, the thermal efficiency was 42% and conducive to the operating of IGCC efficiently and cleanly.If adopting the CO2 recycling combustion technology, the system thermal efficiency was lower than that of the pre-combustion CO2 capturing system, but in which zero CO2 emission could be achieved.",0
"The interactions of NiM (M=Mn, Fe, Co, Ni and Cu) with γ-Al2O3 (110) surface and their effects on the adsorption of CO2 have been investigated by using density functional theory (DFT) slab calculations. On the basis of binding energies and electronic structures of NiM on γ-Al2O3 as well as the CO2 adsorption energies on NiM/γ-Al2O3, we can get that the interaction between NiM and γ-Al2O3 is electronic, the transferred charge between NiM and γ-Al2O3 as well as the d-band center of NiM can reflect the interaction of NiM with γ-Al2O3 well; the interaction between NiM and γ-Al2O3 affects the adsorption ability of catalyst to CO2 directly, the stronger the interaction of NiM with γ-Al2O3 is, the stronger of CO2 adsorption is; bimetal catalysts all show stronger CO2 adsorption than pure Ni catalyst except NiCu/γ-Al2O3, and NiFe catalyst shows the strongest adsorption ability to CO2.",3
"The microbial fuel cells(MFCs) were tested in batch mode at different temperatures of 20 ℃, 37 ℃, 45 ℃. Power density, electrode potential, electrochemical impedance were examined as a function of temperature. The temperature increased from 20 ℃ to 37 ℃, the peak power density enhanced by over 10.5 times from 53.35 mW/m2(275 mA/m2) to 610.5 mW/m2(2 775 mA/m2). In the temperature range between 20 ℃ to 37 ℃, the anode potential gradually decreased, while the anode polarization resistance decreased from 741.9 Ω to 42.4 Ω；elevated temperatures not only enhanced the power output, they also influenced the bioelectrocatalytic performance of MFCs. MFCs grown at elevated temperatures were more electrochemically active  than those at lower temperature. But too high operation temperature was disadvantageous to the perform of MFC. At the temperature of 45 ℃, the peak power density was just 171 mW/m2(600 mA/m2), which was far lower than 610.5 mW/m2 at temperature of 37 ℃;while anode polarization resistance increased from 42.4 Ω to 416.1 Ω. At 37 ℃, MFC displayed an optimum electrical chemistry performance. From the data, we proposed that the temperature was a crucial operational parameter in the yield of MFCs.",2
"Coal pyrolysis is the important basis of coal conversion and its essence is the process of free radicals reaction. The formation, transfer and stabilization of free radicals are essential for understanding the mechanism of coal pyrolysis process and the composition of products. The research method of free radicals in coal and the relation between the native free radicals and coal properties, and the research situation of the formation and transformation of free radicals in coal conversion process were summarized in details. Finally, based on the difficulties and challenges of investigation into coal free radicals, the study on coal-derived free radicals in the future development direction is presented.",3
