text,label
"CO2 emission reduction is an important countermeasure against the globalclimate change. Now , about one third of China 's CO2 emission is from coal-fired power plants.Carbon mitigation from power plant scould be realized by the combination of efficiency boost and CO2 recovery and sequest ration. Rankine cycle, IGCC using adva nced turbines such as GEHclass, and Integ rated Coal Gasification SOFC ( So lid Oxide Fuel Cell ) Hybrid represent the typical configurations of coal-fired power plants for today, near term and the future, with typicalefficiencies of over 40% , 50% and 60% respectively. This paper simulates these three powerplants with Aspen PlusTM , and examines their perfo rmances with and without CO2 recovery,based on which , the effects of CO2 mitigati n and carbon taxupon the production cost ofelectrici ty are analyzed. Also , this paper discusses how to promote the carbo nmitigation inpower industry in the future.",1
"The pyrolysis characteristics of three different rank coals as DY, X Z and XY were studied in different temperature and at three different atmo spheres as N2, CO2 and steam. Paper research the effects of coal rank, atmosphere and temperature on the yield of pyrolysis products and the composition character of pyro lysis gas. Results show that to the above three coal samples, the yields of char take on one increase trend with the coal rank deeper; the quanti ty of tar and gas will increase generally with the enhance of coal volatility, butit be effected by coal structure, pyrolysis temperature, heating rate and so on simul taneo usly. H2 and CH4 compo nents of XZ sample have amaximum in this three samples, and ( CO+ CO2 ) components take a decreaset rend with the reduce of Oelement quantity in coal. Compared with N2 atmosphere, char decrease and gas increase at CO2 and steam tmosphere, and yield of tar is hig hest in steams'. On gas composition, H2 component has the highest yield at steam atmosphere, but CO and CH4 and hydrocarbon C2-C5 obtain the minimum atit. LHV decrease in turn at N2, CO2 and steam atmospheres.",0
"This paper mainly di scusses the fo rmatio n and release o f NOx precursors-NH3 during coal fixed-bed pyrolysis. Three coals with different carbon content were selected in our experiments. The reaction gases were Ar, CH4 , 15% H2O /Ar and 15% H2O/CH4. The results indica te that the NH3 yield is higher in the reaction gas of steam and CH4 than that of only Ar or CH4 and this increasing trend chang es with coal types, final tempera ture and reaction time. The rease is CH4 and H2O is provided to activity Hwhich high reactivity of Hcan promo te the fo rmation of NH3. The variety of char yield obtained af ter coal py rolysis is not o bvio us in the optimal reaction conditions.",0
"Using Pyris 1TGA produced in America Perkin Elmer Compa ny , experimental studies on different diameter coal pyrolysis were carried out by non-isothermal thermo gravimetric analysis. The studies show that the pyrolytic process of coal can be divided into four stages, the heating rate and coal diameter have important effecton pyrolysis curve, and use the release property index to represent the coal pyroly sis property. Study the coal pyrolysis process by py rolysis reactio ndynamics equation, the calcuation result show that the pyrolysis kinetics parameters can be good to reflect the pyrolysis condition.",0
"Structure of macerals, including vitrinites from four coal samples and liptinite, inertini te from Ping shuo coal, was investiga ted in this paper. Macerals were separated from different rank coals by DGC. The concent rates of macerals were analysed by Leitz MPV -Ⅲ. The chemicalst ructure and microcrystallite were determined by FT-IR and X RD. The results indicated that the structures of vit rinites are different. There was more aliphatic hydrogen in low rank coal vitrinite( YN-Vit ) than that in high rank coal vit rinite( CC-Vi t ) whereas there was more aromatic hydrogen in CC-Vit. The d ,La , Lc indicate the crystal lite structure of CC-Vit was better than YN-Vi t. It is obvio us that vitrinite can represent the structure of raw coal. As for the effect of maceral type on the structure, it was obvio us that the structure of inertinite, vitrinite, and liptinite has at remendo us difference. There was more aliphatic hydro gen in liptinite than that in other two macerals whereas there was more aromatic hydrogen in inertinite. And the crystallite",1
"Generally, low-rank coals are appro priate raw material of coal hydroliquefaction, but high oxygen content of lignites and apart of subbi tuminous coals results in a higher hydrogen consumption. For these coals the deoxy-modification is of sig nificance. In this paper a series of deoxy-modi fica tion ex periments for 4 selected co als- Huo linhe, Xiao long tan, Yima and Shenhua were co nducted under pressuri zed vapour condition in an auto clave. As a result , the oxyg encontent and oxygen containing functional group co ntent of all treated coals obviously decreased, the highest remov al rate of oxygen was reached 20.7% . The coal property experienced some changes-for example, the calorific value and carbon content increased, the moisture holding capacity and volatile matter decreased, show ing that the coal rank somew hat raised. By chemical analysis, the acidic-carbo xyl and phenolic groups were analyzed. The result indicated that after deoxy-modificationt reatments of low rank coals, their to talacidic oxgencontaining",1
"The gasifier is a key equipment to the process of coal gasificatio n. If f lame stabili ty decreased, the problems of combustion noi se, efficiency reducting and flameo ut is appeared. The pressure signal of different f lame status in entrained flow gasifier is analyzed by the w avelet-transform analysis in this paper. The result s indicate there is a close relationship between the combustion status and pressure sig nal, pressure sig nal moves towa rd high frequency with the increase of flame stability. Acco rding to this relatio nship, the model of combustion diag nosis in entrained flow gasifier could be established.",1
"Fractal concepts was int roduced in the study of char gasification. The cha nges of pore surface area and pore volume of char during g asi fication could be described in acco rdance with afractal rule. The quicker the char g asified, the higher the fractal dimension was. How ever, fractal rule could only be used to describle the coal cha r gasification that the char pore volume was made up of micropore and mesopore.",1
"A quar tz tubula r reactor has been used to study the effect of coke on the steam and carbo n dio xide reforming reactions of methane. The experiments were carried out at 700 ℃-1 300℃. The results show that the conversion of methane to produce sy ng as o bvio usly increased with the present of coke in the reactor, and the initial temperature of methane decomposition were down. From the ma terial bala nce analysis of C and H atom, it can be seen that the mass of coke is constant during the carbon dioxide reforming reactio no fmethane. The function of coke for the carbon dioxide reforming of methane is simi lar to the “catalysis”process.",1
"The adsorption characteristics of pure CH4, CO2 and their binary mix tures on Jincheng and Lu 'an coal under high pressure have been studied, and formula of absolute adso rption has been given to employ studying the absolute adso rptioni so therm of real gas on coal in the paper. The studying results show: The adso rbed amount of mixed g ases is between pure methane and dioxide carbo nunder hig h pressure and the Gibbs adso rption i so therms is dif ferent to that of absolute adsortion; There is different adsorptio n characteristics between CH4 and CO2; It is alw ays preterential adsorption of CO2, and selection of CO2 adso rption on coal is increa sed with the increasing of equi lbrium pressure. The studying results can used to direct investigation of CO2 enhanced coalbed methane recovery and CO2 sequest ration in coalbed with injection flue gas.",1
Mixing sect i s set at the top of the py rolysi s reacto r. And four fanlike baf fles with tapered co nst riction are equipped in it. Coal and heat-carriers are fed into mix ing sect befo re flow ing into the py ro lysis reacto r. In the mix ing sect coal and heat-carriers are di spersed and mix ed quickly by the action of baff les under g rav ity. Experiment s are car ried out in the batch reactor of fine coal fast pyrolysis which scale is 1 kg coal and 10 kg heat-carriers. And th e results are compared with the pyrolysis ex perimental results in which coal and heat-ca rriers are mixed by screw pro peller. It shows that it is a very effectiv e mixing type and can be used in the process of low temperature pyrolysis.,1
"In order to make full use o f the slime resource, some cataly st s are added in for enhancing the combustio n efficiency. The effect of different ca talysts on the slime ig nition tempera ture, burning completely temperature, and area of heating value are compared, The results show that catalysts can decrease the ignition temperature and burning completely temperature, increase the quantity of heat releasing during combustio n, and the catalytic effect of the TF catalyst is bet ter than KNO3 catalyst. The mechani smis discussed in this paper.",1
"Reg eneration behavior of Fe-Ca based desul furi zer was investiga ted in the tubular fix ed-bed. The influence of regeneration temperature on regenera tion of desulfurizer were studied The results showed that , in atmo sphere containing O2, reg eneration conversio n decreases as the temperature rising , however the case is on the oppo site when reg enerated in atmosphere containing H2O. In O2-H2O containing atmo sphere, the feasibly lower temperature and the higher H2O/O2 value fav or to achieve elemental sulfur.",1
"The kinetics of preparation active ca rbo n from Yunnan Xianfeng lig ni te with phosphoric acid activ ation was studied. The results rev eal that pre-impreg nation lignite with phosphoric acid so lution before carbo nization had a n acceleration to the carboni zation and activation of lignite, and the element H and O were elimination from lig nite by H2O, alcoholic or aldehyde lit t le mo lecular etc. The reactio n of carboni zatio n and activ atio n of lig ni te is o ne orderreactio",1
"Gra nular coa l-based Activ ated Carbo n( AC) made f rom Da to ng bi tumite and high-temperature co al-based pi tch by the method o f agg lomeration. When the o ther procedure technologies are the same, once the AC products w ere preoxidi zed befo re ca rbo nization, the properties of the final AC product s such as wa ter adsorptio n, iodine No. , methylene blue No. and CCl4 adso rption ratio ca n increase respectively 27% -34% , 134 mg /g , 86 mg /g-96 mg /g and 9% - 13. 5% ( adsolute ari thmetic di fference) . In addi tio n, when th e pro perties of the final AC pro ducts such as water adsorption, io dine No. , methylene blue No. a nd CCl4 adso rptio n ratio can be cont rolled respectively betw een 106% and 119% , more than 1 050 mg /g, more than 225 mg /ga nd betw een 67% and 75% at the same time, it ca n raise the yield of activ ation procedure 10% at least w hi le the AC product s underw ent preo xidi zed t rea tment befo re carboni zatio n. Whether the properties or the yield of the AC product s, it 's adva ntag eous a bsolutely to pre-t reat the shapedraw material wi th o xy gen in ai r befo re the carbo niza tion procedure.",1
"The change rules of coal ta r pi tch 's TI, QI,β-resin, sof tening point and coking value during the thermal polymeri zatio n modi fica tion were inv estiga ted in an auto clave. The resul ts indicated that T I, QI, sof tening point and coking v alue of coal tar pi tch will rise up with the increasing of the time a nd tempera ture. β-resin wil l ri se up in the fi rst stage of the thermal polymeri zatio n. Whenβ-resin reaches i ts maximum value, i t wil l decline wi th the increasing of the time and temperature. The majo r ta rg ets of modified pitch will chang e in a litt le v aria tion rang e with several repeatabi li ty test, w hich will supply the suppo rt fo r the amplified test s and industry manufacture.",1
"Thi s paper int roduced the ex perimental study on the fluidi za tion of the mix ture o f biomass and coal. The biomass materials employed w ere cornstalk a nd rice ha ulm. The ex periments w ere ca rried out in a f luidi zed bed column wi th ID of 115 mm and heigh t o f 1 000 mm. The ex perimenta l resul ts show ed that sing le biomass material s were very di fficult to be f luidi zed, w hi le the go od f luidi zatio n could be achiev ed wi th the addi tion of coa l as lo ng as the mass f ractio n of biomass was less than 50% . A modi fied equatio n w as used to sati sfactorily predict the umf va lues of mix tures of biomass and coal.",1
"Modification of coal tar pi tch ( CTP) as carbon materials w as studied using 4- methyl benzaldehyde ( 4-MB) as modi fier by an acid catalyst in this pa per. The modification mecha ni sm w as studied by fourier t ra nsfo rm inf ra-red( FT-IR) and 1 H nuclear mag netic reso nance ( 1 H-NMR) spectro sco py techno logies, respectiv ely. Pola ri zed microsco pe is employed to study the o ptical st ructure of pyro lyzed substances of the modi fied co al tar pi tch and shapes of the modified co al tar pi tch are observ ed th ro ugh SEM. The result s show that elect rophilic substitutio n reaction could occur betw een CTP and 4-MB under the action of toluene-p-sulfo nic acid. The sha pe of the modified coal ta r pi tch is fibre st ructure and the o ptical tex ture of py ro lyzed substances i s a wide-domains st ructure. The modi fied co al ta r pi tch with 4-MB be an promising carbo n precursor.",1
"Coal /PAN complexes w ere sy nthesi zed by aniline monomer in coal template initiated by APS, taking advantag es of the aciolic functio nal g ro up, pore st ruct rue and speci fic aromatic ring of coal st ructure. Pore st ructure were the key facto rs that af fect the co nductivi ty of coal /PAN complexes. In thi s paper, HNO3 , H2 O2 a nd aniline ex t raction w ere chosen to cha nge the pore st ructure in co al. The analysis result s of co nductivi ty and po re st ructure indicated tha t the conductiv ity o f coal /PAN w as improved by ox ida tion and ex t raction, which dev eloped the po re st ructure in coal, a nd then faci li ta ted the process of ani line entering the sw elled coa l pore.",1
"In order to improv e acety lene yield f rom coal by plasma py ro lysis, i t is necessary to rai se the temperature o f reactio n sy stem up to sublima tio n point of carbo n. Themody namic equilibrium systems of coal a re studied in this paper, based on w hich a new method to produce acetylene f rom coal by plasma pyro lysis wi th coal-bed metha ne as refrig eation is propo sed w here the ini tial tempera ture of reaction sy stem is abov e 4 000 K. It is show ed by theo retica l computa tion a nd analysis that hig h acetylene yield wi th low speci fic energy consumptio n can be obtained w ith this method.",1
Yima a nd America n Pocaho ntas No. 3 coal samples w ere ex ha ustively,1
"The roles of three reactions inv olv ed in dimethyl ether ( DM E) synthesis from CO hydrogena tio n: methanol sy nthesi s reaction ( MSR) , methanol dehydra tio n reactio n (MDR) and wa ter g as shif t reaction (WGSR) a re studied respectiv ely by thermodynamic calcula tion. By the fo undation of three models, MSR, MSR+ MDR, MSR+ MDR+ WGSR the effect s of CO concent ra tion in feed, temperature and pressure on the synergic effect are investiga ted in a wide ra nge. Some informatio n o f the adv antag es and sho rtcoming s deriv ed f rom sy nergic effect is demonst rated to guide the study of kinetics o f dimethy l ether sy nthesi s.",1
"Fischer-Tropsch sy nthesi s( FTS) is one of the key processes in the co nv ersiono f coal , na tural g as and biomass to liquid fuels via sy ng as. The selection o f new catalyst s and o ptimum opera tion co ndi tions in it s industrial applicatio ns need a sound scienti fic foundatio n, w hich entail detailed info rmatio n of i t s mechanism. In this paper, the development of the mecha ni stic resea rches fo r CO activ atio n in FTS a re review ed. The impo rta nt pa rts includig the nature of cataly tic surface, the o rientatio n in CO-surface interaction a nd the ef fects o f promo ters and co-adso rbents are int roduced in detai l.",1
"Carbon tax , EOR /ECBM a nd ca rbo n emi ssio n t rading are effectiv e measures driving power g enera tio n secto r to mi tiga te CO2 . How ev er, i t still takes a lo ng time for these measures, especially carbo n tax a nd emi ssio n t rading , to come into fo rce in China. So before that, w e must consider that how to improv e the economics of IGCC and coal ga si fica tio n so lid oxide fuel cell hybrid wi th the capture and storag e o f CO2 and further facili tate the deployment of IGCC a nd SO FC hybrid in China.Wi th co-productio n o f hydrog en and pow er a s the wedg e, this a rticle designed and simulated four co-production cases. Based o n the technical resul ts, capi tal, cost of electrici ty a nd hy drog en a re analy zed, w hich suppo rt s the di scussion abo ut w hether and how to improv e the eco nomics, how to configure co-pro duction sy stems in terms o f energ y uti li zatio n a nd cost , a nd how to promo te the mi tig atio n of CO2 in pow er plants befo re and af ter the operatio n of carbo n tax a nd emi ssio n t rading measures.",1
"The pa per concerns the selective cataly tic reductio n principle to de-NOx in flue g as using dif ferent ca talyst s and di fferent reducing ag ent. It discusses the catego ry o f three types o f SCR cataly st , w hich are included wi th no ble metal ca taly st , metal oxide catalyst , ionexchang ed zeo li te ca talyst , and describes the activi ty character of the three types catalyst s in SCR reactio n. The main composition and their actio n in the V2O5-WO3-MoO3 cataly st that has been used most commonly in the w orld are inv olv ed. The main questio ns that should be co nsidered and solved in ca talyst preparatio n and using a re pointed o ut.",1
"Co al sw elling is o ne of the ma jo r facto rs at t ributing to vi sco sity change of coal-oi l slurry during di rect coa l liquefactio n. The sw elling kinetics o f Shenhua coal in org anic so lv ents dimethyl fo rmamide, tet ralin and recycle oil a t 40 ℃-120 ℃are studied in this paper. The result s show that the sw el ling rate of Shenhua coal in o rganic solvents increases along with temperature but the sw elling ra te in polar solv ent-dimethy l formamide i s much high than that in no n-plar solv ent-tet ralin; The sw el ling behavio r o f Shenhua coal is co nsonant wi th first reactio n kinetics; The activ ation energy of Sh enh ua coal in three solvent s are al l less than 10 k J/mo l which show s tha t during sw elling , the process is co nt rolled by solvent mo lecule dif fusio n in coal.",1
"This thesis inv estig ates the so lubi li ties of Tong ting cla rain and Wali cla rain in CS2-N-methy 1-2-py rolidinone mix ed solv ent. Mainly ex amines th e inherent relationships betw een raw co al, exact s and residues a t th e indust rial a naly tic, real densi ty a nd visco si ty; comparativ e analysis fo r the component s and st ructural cha racteri zatio ns o f raw coal, exacts and residues by applying adv anced analytic techniques such as FTIR. Based on the researches mentioned a bov e, the co nclusion i s draw ed, tha t ex t ract s co ntains aliphatic in coal a nd compo nents having the st ructural o f alcoho l, phenolic, ether, but residues co ntains the compo nents having the st ructural o f aromatic.",1
"The py roly sis mechani sms of thiophene in coal hav e been studied by using Densi ty Functional Theo ry ( DFT) U B3LYP /6- 31G( d ) in thi s paper. Tw o kinds of thiophene 's free radicals w hich a re produced in the pyroly sis process o f thio phene functionali ties are inv estigated by quantum chemi st ry calculation, a nalysi s w ith the bond Mulliken Po pulatio n and o ther calculatio nal result s, the mechanisms of py ro lysis of orga nic sulphur as thio phene in coal are proposed and discussed. The result s show tha t the bo nd of C S bo nd is the w eakest bond of the system, i t wi ll be dissociated fi rst in py ro lysis. The final production is HC CH , sulphur releases in the fo rm o f H2S.",1
"Thi s paper inv olved the effect of inherent minerals on the release of HCN, NH3 and dist ributio n o f ni trog en during three co al py rolysi s. Py rolysi s w as carried out in a fix ed bed reacto r at atmospheric atmoso phere. Result s show that not only the yield of NH3 f rom deminerali zed coal i s less than that f rom raw coal in di fferent co al type during py rolysi s, but also it chang es wi th ash ma t ter in coal; HCN fo rmatio n is af fected by inherent minerals, coal rank is also one of key factors which affect s HCN fo rmation; inherent minerals also af fect s obviously ni t rogen dist ributio n.",1
Brow n coal and biomass all hav e the characteri stics of thermal decompo sition of their chemical st ructure. Outcomes of th ree fo rms may be g ot ten by their thermal decomposi tio n. The yields of th ree fo rms o utcome will hav e dif ferent wi th the condi tio n of thermal decomposi tio n fo r some co al and biomass. Brow n coal ( from Longkou mine) and biomass( saw dust and shell o f walnut ) w ere tested by thermal decompo sitio n under low er temperature in the study. The dif ference of the yields of three fo rms outcome was rev iew ed w hen biomass was decomposed and the mix ture of biomass and brow n coal w as decomposed under some co ndi tion o f thermal decomposi tio n. The performa nce of raw char used di rect ly as adso rbent w as rev iew ed. The result o f adsorptio n test stated tha t the adsorbing v alue of raw char to methylene blue may reach 7.3 mg /g.,1
"In thi s paper, the static stabili ty o f di fferent CW S has been studied by using 14 Chinese coals sluries formula ted wi th 10 di spersants. The result shows that the CWS sta bility of low ra nk i s the mainly to coal 's properties, and the stro ng er the hydrophici li ty is, the bet ter the stabili ty of CWS. The CWS stability of high rank coal depends mainly o n the structure cha racteristic o f dispersant. The effect o f dispersant on CWS stability is mainly dependent on the di rect o r indirect interactio n of the di spersant w as adso rbed on the coal particle surface. When the particles in CWS were able to fo rm the larg e th ree-dimensional st ructure by the interaction of di spersants at static state, the CWS ca n be retained a goo d stabi li ty. An ex perience model has been set up, w hich may be used to estimate the sta tic stabi li ty of di fferent CWS by the pa rameters o btained f rom the rheological curv es.",1
"The inf luences of adding the sodium lig nosulfo nate ( LS) o n th e rheo logical cha racteristics o f co al-wa ter suspensio n w ere inv estiga ted, including the ef fect s of LS concent ra tion, dif ferent molecular mass, suspension temperature, suspension pH and the rheological characteri stics compa rison o f LS a nd NDF. The ex cessiv e surfactant can induce the apparent viscosi ty to increase i f the dosag e is mo re than 0. 8% by coal w eig ht. Di fferent mo lecula r masses of LS have dif ferent inf luences o n the suspensio n f luidi ty. The f raction of 10 000-50 000 is a go od choice fo r the f luidi ty. The suspension apparent vi scosity decreases as the temperature is less than 60 ℃. The tempera ture exceeds 60 ℃, the viscosi ty w ill increase. Co nsidering the f luidi ty, the appropriate pH i s about 9 in the range o f w eak acid and basic in the suspensio n. LS has a n ideal pseudoplasticity in abov e dif ferent condi tio ns. The preashearing ex periment reveals that the suspensio n vi scosity added the LS surfactant increases w ith the time pro longing.",1
"Sev eral kind of coal w ere thermally upg raded a t low er temperature. The resul ts show that slurry abili ty o f coal ca n be improv ed and apparent visco si ty, separated wa ter of COWS can be decreased in the tempera ture rang e o f 200 ℃-300 ℃. All o f abov e because o f the decomposi tio n of the ox yg en-bearing functional g roups on the coa l surface w hich reduced the moi sture holding capaci ty no tably.",1
"The co ntents of envi ronmentally-sensi tiv e t race element s such As, Se, Pb, Hg, Cr , Cd, Ni, Co, Mn, Br, Sb, Be, Mo, U, Th and V w ere detemined by IN AA, ICP-AES a nd AAS. By comparing the co ntent s of t race elements in coal wi th the co ntents o f t race element s in dif ferent ash , the di st ribution characteri stic of t race element s in combustio n w as studied. Based o n the modes o f occur rence of t race elements in coal, the combustio n mechanism o f t race element s was researched.",1
"Jiny uan coal w as t reated in oxidatio n so lv ent s under ult rasonic a nd microw ave radia tio n. The effect o f t rea ting conditions, including the co ncent ratio n of coal, si ze of coal, reactio n time, the co ncent ratio n of oxidant s, the pow er of ult raso nic and the co ncent ratio n of acid o n the yield of remov ing a rsenic w ere studied. The ex periment result s show ed that the arsenic of coal wa s obviously remov ed in oxidatio n solv ents under ult rasonic and microw av e radia tio n. The yield of remov ing a rsenic in co al reached 90% and more. The yield o f removing ari senic increases w ith the co ncent ratio n o f oxidants, the co ncent ratio n of acid, the power of ult raso nic and the low concent ra tion of coal.",1
"In the study of the process of tannic ex t ract desulfuri za tion, alkabini ty, tannic concent ra tion va nadium co ncent ratio n a nd temperature w ere studied and the common rule of each facto r inf luence on desulfuri za tion efficiency and appropriate o peratio n condi tio n were acquired. As the primary facto r, alkabini ty should be below 12 g /L, the desul furi zatio n ef fect is optimum w hen the ra tio of tannic and sodium metav anada te w as 1. 5-2; the high abso rption tempera ture is unfavo ur fo r desulfurzation. 30 ℃-40℃w as prov ed to be effectiv e th roug h ex periments.",1
"U ti li zes thermog rav imet ric to research the burning of the mud and coa l pow der activa tion o f mix ture, and analysis to calcula te activ ation energy E and f requency facto r A for the mud and co al pow der activ atio n of mix ture in di fferent proportion based Matlab, a nd ana lyses slight ly about the combustio n and cha racteristic of burning. Th roug h researching and analyzing finding that activ atio n energ y and f requency facto r had close relations to the burning cha racteristic, estimi te the burning co ndi tio n of mix ture th ro ug h activ atio n energ y E a nd f requency factor A in o rder to lay the foundatio n fo r studying and using fur ther in the future.",1
"The effect s o n so lutio n loss reaction o f coke by adding 11 oxides into a same coke by mea ns of bo th additio n a nd adso rption and the dif ferences there o f w ere investiga ted. The mecha ni sms of dif ferent effect s w ere a nalysed in view of ca taly si s action, w ay of di sperse of a mineral in coke and effect s o n microst ructure o f coke by mineral. The caty lysis actions o n coke by a same mineral a re the same no ma t ter w ha t w ay of adding is used. Adsorptio n mineral merely di sperse o n the surface o f coke unifo rmly. Whi le addition mineral is part ly w raped by ma trix of coke. The cataly zed surface by the tw o means is di fferent. The mineral in coke by adding may be ef fectiv e to the reactivi ty of coke by modifying the st ructure o f coke.",1
"High-temperature mould pressing tech nolo gy fo r pi tch-based carbon composi tes i s a ra pid shaping technique improv ed f rom mould pressing tech nolog y , but it has many di sadv antages, such as g rea t inv estment in equipment s, low er molding pressure and poo r technological practica bili ty. Therefore, this paper bro ugh t forw ard a new prepara tion tech nolog y, namely mould pressing and semi-carboni za tion techno logy ( MSCT ) . In o rder to validate the o utstanding adv antag es o f the MSC T tech nolog y , pi tch-based ca rbo n compo si tes w ere fabricated w ith M SC T technolog y and mo uld pressing techno log y, and thei r microst ructure, densi ty a nd compressiv e st reng th w ere experimented. It i s co ncluded tha t the microst ructure of the composi tes fabricated wi th MSCT techno logy is denser than that o f the composi tes fabricated wi th mould pressing techno log y, and thence the densi ty and compressiv e st rength of the fo rmer has increased respectiv ely by 28. 3% and 144. 4% as compared wi th that of the lat ter.",1
"In the paper, na nometer titanium dioxide particles w ere prepared by sol-g el f rom TiCl4 , a nd w ere applied to photoca taly tic oxidation o f the coke waste w ater. When heatingtempera ture is 600℃, nanometer TiO2 pow ders i s mix ture of ana tase a nd rutile, it s si ze i s 65 nm, the ruti le has 21.3% in the pow ders. The ex perience result show s tha t the t rea ting ef ficiency of the mixing crystal pow ders i s the best. The optimum conditio n is adding 0. 4 g na nometer ti tanium dioxide in the 100 g w aste wa ter and laying the w aste w ater in the sun for mo re than 4 h. The remov al ef ficiency of the w aste w ater ' CODcr is up to 50% .",1
"Fly ash-ty pe adso rbent wi th hig h crystal linity and puri ty w ere sy nthesi zed by Na2CO3 o r NaO H fusion of qua rt z-containing elut rillithe follow ed by hydrothermal t reatment. Wi thin the temperature range of 368 K, i ts adsorptio n feature was inv estiga ted. The adso rption properties of the fly ash-based adsorbent w ere cha racteri zed by adso rption iso therm, speci fic surface and po re di stribution wi th the help of N2 adso rption. The adso rption isotherm of phenol w ere tested, based on w hich effectiv e means to increa se the adso rption of f ly ash-based adso rbent is proposed.",1
"A soap-free latex of the methy l methacrylate ( MMA ) ini tiated by some ini tiator w as prepared. Mo no-di spersed PMMA /PAN core-shell mo rpho logy compo site par ticles w ere prepared by emulsif ier-f ree seeds emulsion polymeri za tion in which soap-f ree latex acted as core. The effect s o f the initia to r, amount o f PAN on the particle size and pa rticle si ze dist ributio ns o f the la tex w ere discussed in detail. Mo rphologies o f mo no-di spersed PMM A la tex pa rticles a nd PMMA /PAN composite par ticles w ere cha racteri zed by laser particle si ze inst rument, SEM a nd T EM, co re-shell mo rpholog y of PMM A /PAN composi te particles were prov en.",1
"On the basi s of practical running co ndi tio ns of Recti sol Wash Uni t ( RWU ) in Nanjing Chemica l Indust rial Co. Ltd. , the deficiencies in original desig n w ere summarized a nd the new si tuations in feedstock cha nge f rom heav y oil to coal w ere analyzed. So a rev amped design scheme for RWU was pro po sed. Af ter th e feedstock chang e, the raw gas f low rate, the to tal CO2 a nd the H2 S in raw g as f low wil l be 1. 18, 1. 30 a nd 4. 8 times as larg e as the o riginal",1
"Six dif fe rent rank coals (including gas coal , weak-caking coal , fat coal , coking coal and lean coal) are ext racted by CS2-NMP mixing solvent s under room tempe rature and pressure , the coal wi th v olatile 35 % show s the hig hest ex t ractio n yield (43. 05 %). Ex t ract ion yield of dif ferent rank coals have linear relatio ns wi th thei r Au-Ar dilatation and plastic temperature domain. By the IR spect ra o f coal ,residua and coke , it show sd that af te r e xt ract ing , the content of aliphatic and alicyclic in residua decreases , mo st mine ral s in residua. Different rank coals show different intensi ty of hydrogen bonds :in fat and g as coals , this bonds locate in macrostructure ; in lean and w eak-caking coals , they are in ex tractable micro-molecular compounds.",1
"Thi s study a ttempts to f ind a new method of soy pro tein (SPI) surface modif ication of co al to enhance the biodegradabi li ty of coal. The surface modification w as co nducted by adso rption and g raf ting method using SPI as a modifier and Shenfu coal (SC) and o xidized Shenfu coal(OC) as mat rix. The SPI g raf ted coals were characterized by FT-IR analy sis. The aerobicbiodeg radation o f SC , OC and SPI mo dified coals w as carried out using compound microo rgani sms separated from soil. CO2 yield ,w eig ht lo ss , humic acid (HA) content and FT-IR of the solid residues , and UV-VIS adsorptio n o f liquid pro duct s w ere applied to examine the bio deg radation pro perties of the samples. The result s show ed that SPI surface modi ficat ion i s able to promo te the biodeg radabi li ty of both SC and OC , especially for the OC coals. The di fference of pro tein adsorbed coal and graf ted coal o n interfacial interaction result in di fferent biodeg radat ion mechanism fo r them ;the bio degradat ion product o f adso rbed coal i s mainly CO2 , w hile the pro duct s of grafted co al s are mainly HA in bo th liquid and solid phase.",1
"The co rrelation between pro ximate analy sis o f coal and hardg rove g rindability index(HGI)w as studied in this paper .It w as fo und that by stat istically the more the moi sture and volati le mat ter w ere in coal the less the HGI w as , but the more ash and f ixed carbo n w ere , the hig her the HGI w as .How ever , the cor relation i s no nlinear fo r pro ximate and HGI in coal s .It w as also found that the accessing function o f HGI based on pro ximate of coal by li terature is not co rrect for coals in China .The proximate analysi s is an index for co al as a homogenous compound .The index cannot reflect the complexity o f HGI .Some phy sical factors such as the maceral s ,the type , size and dist ributio n of mine ral mat ters and the microco smic tectonics are very impo rtant fo r HGI .",1
"The sulfur content in co als of China w as studied based on 2 237 co al samples from Chinese Coal Resource Database. The di st ribut ion of sulfur in the coals from different geological ages , different coal-accumulatio n dist rict s , di fferent provinces and di fferent classes of coals w ere di scussed. The study show s that the content and dist ribution of sulfur i s influenced by geological ages and coal-accumulatio n dist rict s. The concept of ""weig hted reserves""i s presented in this paper , so the weighted mean content o f sulfur in Chinese coal is 1. 02 % based on coal-accumulatio n dist rict s reserves. The w eighted mean is mo re accurate than the ari thmetical mean(1. 40 %) to ref lect the dist ributio n of sulfur.",1
"The surface terms are induced in chemical thermo dynamics and kinetics , and ef fect s o f part icle sizes on combustio n and py roly sis o f co al particles are analy sed and discussed . The result s show that the particle size has obvious ef fect s o n combust ion and pyro ly sis of coal part icles in thermody namic pro perties and kinetic parameters , w hen particle si ze smaller , the ef fect s become s larg er ;w ith the particle size decreasing , the difference o f Gibbs functio n decreases , the tendencies of burning and pyro ly sis increase ,the burning point and py roly tic temperature decrease ,the spontaneous ig nit ion occures easily , as w ell as the molal surface energy increases when the part icle size decreasing , so as to the apparent activatio n energies of burning and py rolysis decrease and the rate constant increases .Co nsequently , the burning and the py roly tic rates of coal part icles accelerate , and the conve rsion rate , the combustion and the pyro ly sis ef fectivenesses o f coal par ticles increase.",1
"The fusio n characteristics of mixed ash samples and behavior o f mineral matters at high tempe ra tures w ere studied. The samples we re prepared w i th coal ashes and additives of CaO and Fe2 O3 in dif fe rent ratio. The XRD w as used to examine the changes of mineral components at dif ferent temperatures. It is show n that ,in reducing atmo sphere , fusion ag ent s can decline to the ash-mel ting point effectively , but dif ferent resul ts can be obtained fo r dif ferent coal ash. The low est ash-mel ting point can be obtained i f prope r addit ive w as mixed into coal ash ,because mine ral mat ters react w i th CaO o r Fe2O3 and produce low-melting eutectic mat ters.",1
Isothermal kinetic analy sis of NO2′s effect on Dry FGD reactio n w as developed by TGA at medium tempe ra ture(250 ℃-500 ℃). Ex perimental research show ed that NO2 in f lue gas could enhance the ef ficiency of dry FGD reaction and promote the CaSO4 in reaction products at medium temperature. It is indicated that at medium temperature the dry FGD reactio n w ith the presence of NO2 w as well matched the Av rami-Ero feev random nucleation and subsequent grow th mechanism. It w as dif ferent from the shrinkag e co re mechani sm when NO2 i s absent.,1
"On the base o f the research on oxide series and carbonate series , in this paper TG-FTIR and the device o n sulphur capture w ere exploited to investigate quali tativ e and quanti tat ive analy sis of de sulfurizatio n ef ficiency. The co als and calcium-based so rbents of ox ide series and carbonate series w ere separately blended and the ratio of calcium and sulphur w as 3∶1. The result s showed that both calcium-based so rbents of ox ide series and carbo nate series co uld pro hibi t the decompo sitio n of CaSO4 befo re 1 200 ℃. Desulfurizat ion ef ficiency of S rCO3 co uld reach 96. 7 % and desulfurization ef ficiency of BaCO3 could also reach 92. 2 % at hig h temperature.",1
"Desulfurizatio n ex periment s of high-sulfer coals were carried out by ado pt ing rhodopseudomonas spheroides and the combination f low shee t of microo rg anism pret reatmentflo atatio n. The inf luencing factors to the de sul furizatio n resul ts were mainly ex amined ,w hich include the pret reatment t ime , concent ra tion of the slurry , pH v alues , co ncent ratio n of the baci llus etc. The result s show that microo rganism-floa tatio n is a hig h ef fective desulfurization method by Rhodopseudomo nas Sphe roides. The pret reatment time ,co ncent ratio n o f the slurry and baci llus , pH v alues of the slurry have the remarkable effect s to the desulferization resul ts.",1
"The f lue gas de sulfurizatio n w as studied w i th limestone suspending liquid in a gas-liquid impinging scrubber. Several paramete rs inf luencing on desulfurizatio n ef ficiency w ere investiga ted respectively , including liquid-gas ratio L /G , pH o f ci rculant slur ry , the SO2 co ncent ration o f the inlet flue gas and the limestone mass concent ration. The result s show ed that the desulfurization n ef ficiency o ver 95 %w ere at tained at pH >6. 1 ,mS O 2 <1 657 mg /m3,low er L /G and low er limestone co ntent . 99 % can be reached in large r L /G and limesto ne concent ration. The result s in the pilo t-scale plant are ag reed wi th the lab data.",1
"Wet f lue gas desulfurization process i s commonly adopted to contro l SO2 emission f rom co al-fi red plant s. Ex periment s we re developed to investig ate the ef fect o f NOx on w et flue g as desulfurizatio n process , wi th a gas-liquid bubbling-bed reactor and NaOH so lution as absorbent , under simulated flue gas atmo sphere. The result s show ed that the desulfurization rate increased slight ly w ith the existence of NO2 and the removal rate of NO2 increased sig nif icantly wi th the existence of SO2, when the abso rbent w as alkaline ;w hen the absorbent turned acidic , the exi stence o f NO2 and SO2 decreased each othe r's remov al rate ;NO and SO2 has lit t le inf luence on each o ther's remo val rate , no matter the absorbent w as alkaline o r acidic ;The existence of NO2 had a favo rable ef fect on the fo rmation of sulfate in desulfurizatio n product s ,especially under alkaline atmosphere , w hile the ex istence of NO had a preventive effect.",1
"The fundamental research o n screen and culture of desulphurizatio n bacteria has been done fo r seeking the method o f remov al o f SO2 f rom flue g as by micro org anism. Through a series of experiment s ,5 micdesulphurizatio n st rains are selected and cultiv ated f rom soil samples pol luted by f lue g as f rom the heat and pow er plant in Zhengzho u ci ty . Their desulphurization ef ficiency has been determined and o rthog onal ex periment have been done. T he result show s that thei r desulphurization eff iciencies are o ver 80 %, and the facto r's sequence inf luencing SO2 remov al f rom f lue g as by microo rg anism is pH value >temperature>SO2 concent ration.",1
"Cellulo se residues , the acid hydroly sis residues o f discorea zingiberensis C. H. w rig ht , have brought out serio us solid w aste po llution w ithout being di sposed. Acco rding to the principle of reso urce recy cle , tw o steps activated methods w ere adapted to prepare act ivated carbon w ith chemical agent zinc chloride (ZnCl2 ) in this paper. The o pt imal process w as determined :300 ℃carbonization temperature fo r 40 mins , 600 ℃activ ated temperature for 1. 5 h ,the impreg nation ratio 4 ∶1 (the mass of ZnCl2 to that of raw material) and 12 h soaking time , 40 % ZnCl2 concentration respectiv ely . The characterizatio ns of the activ ated carbon prepared f rom the residues we re inv estig ated by the SEM , XRD and N2 adsorptio n. The adso rption ex periment s show that it can bet ter decolo ri ze diosgenin w astew ater and remo ve COD than comme rcial act ivated carbon. Therefore ,the activated carbo n prepared f rom the residues not only so lves the so lid w aste po llution but also develops an ef fective and excellent low-co st adsorbent .",1
"Lignin is very important reclaimed re source. Activ ated carbon w ere prepared f rom the mixture w hich w as made of co al and lig nin in this study . Experiment indicated that w hen the tempe ra ture o f carbonization is 800 ℃, the activated t ime is 60 minute , the speed o f rai sing temperature is 5 ℃/min-10 ℃/min , the ratio o f coal to activat ing reagent KOH is 1 ∶1-1 ∶2 , the percent of lig nin is 50 %-70 %,w e can prepare the activated carbon po ssessed of io dine o f 1 580 mg /g and a special surface area of 1 750 m2 /g . So lignin could improve the adso rpt ion pro pertacity of the pro duct , and the reason w as argued.",1
"On the basis of studying in lab scale of pro ducing active carbon in process of combination o f oxidatio n w ith KNO3 and activatio n w ith KOH by using high sulphur occurring coal as the raw material , a pilo t scale of demonst rat ion pro ceeded in a batch v olume of 8 L reacto r well desig ned has been made. The resul ts show ed that the activated ca rbon obtained has capability of adsorptio n fo r pheno l as high as 233. 34 mg /g and capability of adsorptio n for io dine as hig h as 1 405. 00 mg /g w hen condit ions fo r carbonized material preparat ion are as fo llow :ratio o f KOH to carbo n of 2. 0 to 1 , activ ated temperature o f 850 ℃, and activ ation time o f 2 h as w ell.",1
"Activated ca rbon-zeo li te composi te adsorbent s a re prepared from natural coal gang ue. The coal g ang ue impreg nated w ith K2CO3 are activ ated in the f low of N2 at 800 ℃, to convert the carbonaceous in original material into activ ated carbo n , and then the activ ated products are t reated wi th NaOH so lution , to crystallize the aluminosilicate into zeo lite 4A. The inf luences of various co ndi tions on the material sy nthe si s during the act ivatio n and cry stallizatio n are investiga ted . The pore st ructure of the adso rbent is characterized by XRD and N2 adso rption isotherm and thei r adso rpt ion abi li ties for H2O and n-C5 H14 are tested. It show s that the bo th micropo res and me soporous coexi st in compo site adsorbent and the material exhibi ts larger adso rption",1
"We have successfully modified coal tar pi tch w ith p-methyl benzaldehy de (PMB) in the presence of p-toluene sulfonic acid ,the meso phase t ransfo rmatio n o f w hich is studied in this paper. Pyro ly sis process of the modif ied coal tar pitch i s studied using FT-IR and element analysi s respectively. Polarized micro sco pe i s employ ed to study the optical st ructure of semi-coke of the mo dified pitch. The resul ts show that the absorbance of the C —H stretching is mode o f methyl and me thyne becomes w eaker w ith increase of heat t reatment temperature , w hich caused by demethy latio n and dehydrogenation of methyl and methy ne. The aromati zation deg ree becomes large as indicated by that C /H atom ratio is increasing. Mo reo ver ,the modificatio n cont ributes to a no table improvement in the o ptical tex ture o f semi-coke.",1
"Cu /Co /TiO2 catalyst s w hich a re prepared by impregnatio n method and co-precipitating impreg nat ion metho d were used as methanol sy nthesi s cataly st . They w ere mixed wi th γ-Al2O3 , H3PO4-γ-Al2O3 , TiO2-γ-Al2O3 and Hβto prepare bi-functional catalyst s. Bi-functional cataly sts w ere characterized using T PR and XRD. T he result s are show ed as fo llow ing :Cu /Co /TiO2 cataly sts prepared by co-precipitating impreg natio n method are easy reduced than Cu /Co /TiO2 cataly sts prepared by impregnatio n method. The reductio n temperature of Cu /Co /TiO2 catalyst s added dehydratio n component decrease.",1
"Effects o f coal pro pert ie s and coal py ro lysi s co ndi tions , such as temperature , pressure and py roly sis atmosphere , on the phy sical and chemical st ructure as w ell as g asification reactivi ty o f chars in the open literature have been reviewed .The mechanisms leading to the effect of py roly sis conditio ns o n char g asification reactivi ty w ere analyzed refering to another researcher s'result s .Diverse co nclusions about these ef fect s on char gasificatio n reactivi ty w ere obtained because of the dif fe rences amo ng dif ferent research jobs .But , in general , f rom most of the previo us studies i t appears that g asification reactivi ty of coal chars decreases w ith increasing py rolysi s temperature , increasing residence time ,decreasing heat ing rate and increasing py roly sis pressure , also , the differences exist in propert ies o f parent coals can ari se changes of char st ructure then the gasificatio n reactivi ty .Mo st researchers found that char st ructure became more o rdered , i .e . graphit izatio n of chars , af ter coal pyro ly sis pro cess .It has been proved that g asification react ivity",1
"Carbon dioxide is one of the major gas po llutant s f rom fossil fuel utilization w ho se concent ratio n in the atmo sphere has led to sig nif icant climate chang e. The g reenhouse issue which mainly caused by carbon dio xide has become a global concern. So ,how to di spose the carbon dio xide separated f rom cent ralized emission source became a key to cont rol the carbon dio xide concent ration in atmo sphere , and some of majo r developed co unt ries have devoted intensive ef fect s to the development of various CO2 storage technolog ie s. Different kinds of CO2 storage methods are intro duced in this pape r , including geo logical sto rag e , ter rest rial ecosy stems sto rag e , biolo gical sto rage , ocean storage and CO2 mineral sto rag e. Scientific evidences f rom nature analo gues ,laboratory ex periments and computer simulations indicated that the CO2 storage technolog ies are feasible. T his paper summarizes the review of all kinds of carbon dio xide storage technique and di scusses the advantages and disadv antages o f present researches and put forw ard the emphasis of more studies.",1
"Onion-like fullerenes(OLFs) could be prepared using dif ferent techniques f rom different carbon sources , such as carbonaceous materials (e. g. g raphite , diamond or carbon black ), organic compounds ( e. g. methane , ethane , acetylene ), carbides (e. g. SiC ) and so on. In this paper ,the advances of OLFs are review ed depending on carbon sources and methods . The development of coal-derived OLFs synthesis was mainly described. OLFs were obtained f rom coal by microwave or radio frequency plasma. The morphologies and structures of the product s were characterized by high resolution t ransmission elect ron microscopy (HRTEM). Results reveals that the particles displayed a clear polyhedral or quasi-spherical morphology with hollow center , having a narrow diameter distribution and high deg ree of graphitization. The method realized low-temperature synthesis of OLFs. The formation mechanism of coal-derived OLFs w as discussed in terms of plasma parameters and the chemical composition of coal.",1
"Significant prog ress in the development and applicat ion of new advanced carbon materials hav e been seen because coal has several posit ive at t ributes w hen it is co nsidered as a feedstock for no vel carbon mate rials .Acco rding to the li terature , the emphasis of this paper i s placed o nly on poro us carbon material , fullerens and elect ro de of li thium bat teries .The advices of coal as raw mate rials of advanced carbo n material w ere given .",1
"In this paper, w e determined the to tal sulphur co ntent s of tw o hundred a nd ninety coal samples which w ere taken f rom tw enty six provinces, municipali ties and autonomous regio ns in China. Then we analy sed the distribution o f total sulphur in coals w ith di fferent g eological ag es, dif ferent coal ranks, di fferent regio ns, di fferent coal-cumulating area s. The resul ts show tha t the coals wi th modera te to low sulphur co ntent s are prima ry in our country. The mean o f to tal sulphur content with w eight by reserves is 0. 94% . The coals with high and v ery high sulphur co ntent are mo stly f rom Carboniferous and Permian, and in the other g eolo gical ag es coals a re almost moderate a nd low sulphur content coal. The co ntent s of sulphur a re increasing by coal ra nks, which is caused by sedimentary envi ronment o f dif ferent coal-cumula ting ages. The contents o f sulphur in four coal-cumulating areas coa l hav e much dif ference, which is increasing g radually f rom no rth to south.",1
"The w eig ht lo ss cha racters of Lo ng ko u lig nite w as studied by mea ns o f thermo g ravimetric analysis in methane. The resul ts show that metha ne can 't promo te ligni te pyroly sis below 400℃, but ca n promo te lig nite pyrolysis in the rang e o f 400℃-750 ℃. The TG curv es of lig nite pyrolysis in metha ne rise after 750℃, and the w eight increases. The py rolysi s ex periment o f ligni te in methane also be ca rried to study the characteri stic of hydroca rbo n and sulfur releasing . The gas product CH4 , C2 ( ethane and ethene ) , C3 ( propa ne a nd pro pylene) , C4 H10 ( butane ) are released a t 350℃, and thei r concentration reach the maximum at 550℃. All hydrocarbons are released at 750℃. The concent ra tion of sulfur during lig nite py roly sis in na tional g as is more than in ni t rogen, which prov e that the methane promo te sulfur transfer to g as.",1
"Based o n the model test , the reg ula ri ty of Xinhe coal underg round gasification is studied to validate the stabi li ty of underg ro und gasi fica tion and the feasibili ty of producting high heat v alue gas. The result s rev eal s tha t underg round gasification of Xinhe coal w ith O2 ( 93% ) -H2O( g ) as gasifying agent could produce hig h heat v alue gas which could meet the need of the elect ric plant , but the g asificatio n technics must be changed wi th the g asificatio n wo rking face. The composi tion of g as, heat value a nd prime opera ting pa rameter in stable g asificatio n phase a re obtained that prov ide basic data fo r the designing of loca le g asificatio n stov e and the selecting o f tech nics. And the same time the g asificatio n ra te and the gasi fica tion index are obtained in this",1
"The di rect liquefaction characteristics o f Baidong coal w as systema tical ly inv estigated in a micro autoclav e at dif ferent experimental conditions. The oil products w ere analy zed by simula ted di sti llatio n. The resul ts indicate tha t wi th increasing of temperature and H2 initial pressure, the to tal conv ersion and oi l yield of the Baidong coa l, are also increasing. In the same time, the effect of tempera ture is remarkably , when the temperature is increasing f rom 420℃to 450℃, the to tal co nv ersio n and oil yield enha nce 20. 98% and 18. 78% . Wi th increasing of tempera ture and H2 ini tial pressure, the productio ns chang e regularly: the PA+ AS yield decreasing, w ater yield almo st hav ing no chang es, the CO+ CO2 , C1-C4 yield a nd H2 co nsumption increasing. Fractions yield of the middle oi l di sti llates is highest; in the liquefaction oi l occupied about 57. 5% , a nd the heavy and the lig ht oil distillates are shared for 33. 0% and 9. 5% , respectively by simulated distillation analy si s. The amount o f alky l carbons is hig her than tha t o f a ry l ca rbons.",0
"In thi s research , the bioconv ersion products hav e been o btained through the applica tio n o f cultiva tion fungis to the lig ni te coal pre-t reated wi th nit ric acid . Based on the compare son o f the v iscosi ty of coal-w ater-mix ture when additiv e is added a nd w hen it i s not. The rheolo gic behav io r o f coal-w ater-mix ture produced by bioconv ersion product s has also been researched.",1
"This paper studied the surface chymic character of the modi fied ex ting uishing coke pow der a nd the ef fect of the adsorbing catio n capabi li ty. The ex ting ui shing coke powder no t o nly has ma ny t rai ts, such as lacuna rs fabric, adsorbent v eloci ty rapidly , self-intensity g reat ly, but also is self-productio n cheapness, no quadric empoi son. The research show s that if ni t ric acid mix ed a spo t of v it riol, i ts ox yg enatio n can evidently increase the content of acidic o n the surface o f the ex ting ui shing co ke pow der. and i t also can improve the surface hydrophilicity o f the ex ting uishing co ke pow der and reduce the pHpzc value. but it has no t too inf luence to the adsorptiv e capability of the ex ting uishing coke pow der. the modi fied ex ting ui shing coke pow der has the do uble functio ns o f the ion Abelian resin and the active ca rbo n. This ex perimentatio n also checks the adsorptive condition af fects metal io n. It provides the new eco nomic and applied method o n disposing wa ter.",1
"We obtained humic acid sodium w hich moulded lig nite semi-coke used in ferroal loy pla n f rom brow n coal riching in Yunnan prov ince. We studied the fabricating method of humic acid sodium and fo rming process of lig nite semi-coke and tested streng th index es of moulded co ke of di fferent propor tioning. Resul t show s that w hen humic acid sodium i s used as g lue of lig nite semi-coke, it has goo d composi te index. Acco rding to ex periment s, all index es of moulded coke a re perfect w hen the addition of humic acid sodium is over 8% . And i t identifies the requi rement of ferroallo y furnace.",1
"The chang es of the surface morpho logy of pet ro leum coke during combustion w ere analy zed by ni trog en adso rptio n /deso rption i so therms. Speci fic surface a reas, pore v olumes a t dif ferent burn-out ratios w ere determined through BET method and t-plo t method respectiv ely. Test result s show that during combustio n the specific surface area and po re v olume increase g rea tly and have the same change trend. Behav io r characteri stics o f f ractal mechanics of the combustion n are v alidated. And the surface f ractal dimensions, w hich a re found out to be nea r 3, are also determined through FHH model , indicating tha t the combustion reactio n occure simulta neously in bo th inner and outer par t of a spatial mesh. The surface f ractal dimensio ns hav e distinct di fferent chang e t rend f rom specific surface a rea a nd pore vo lume.",1
"The combined pro cess fo r simulta neous desulfuri zatio n and dust removal is promising fo r ho t ga s cleaning because o f it s mo re compact process and low er co st . Th e understanding of desulfuri zatio n characteri stics i s the key to develop the combined processes due to the influence of deposi ted dust o n desulfurization performa nce o f sorbent s. In thi s w o rk, the interaction of sorbents wi th depo si ted dust w as investiga ted in a fix-bed reacto r. The result s show that the influence i s rela ted wi th the composi tio n a nd tex tural properties of sorbents. The so rbent based on an iro n oxide w aste material co uld interact wi th the depo sited dust causing the decrease o f sulfur capaci ty due to the v arious compo nents and la rg e po re si ze. The presence of H2O in the reactant g as could deterio ra te the desulfuri zatio n perfo rmance of so rbent, but i t could no t w ea ken the neg ative inf luence of deposi ted dust o n the sulfur capaci ty of so rbent. The sulfida tion /regeneration n cycles are further conducted to ev aluate the inf luence. It i s found that the influence became neg ligible af ter sev eral cycles. The BE T surface a rea, po re v olume and SEM surface mo rpho logy o f so rbents are also measured to investiga te the mechanisms.",1
"Compa red w ith the t radi tio nal methods of remov al SO2 f rom flue g as, the o rga nic solv ent a bsorptio n has some adva ntag es as low inv estment , hig h SO2 absorptio n ef ficiency and deso rption ef ficiency. Fo r the a pplicatio n of o rg anic so lv ent absorptio n to indust ry as soon as possible, a small pilo tscale ex periment has been do ne based o n labo ra to ry about new desulfuri zation abso rbent fo r f lue g as, The inf luence o n desulfuri za tion efficiency fo r abso rbents is studied. And th e reg eneratio n capaci ties for abso rbent are resea rched. The result show s that the selected abso rption solv ent has no t o nly stro ng desulfurizing efficiency, but also goo d selectivi ty fo r SO2 and CO2 , the feasibili ty o f desulfuri za tion abso rbent ha s been prov ed.",1
"Sev eral kinds of calcium abso rbent w ere resea rched compa ra tively , Ca(OH)2 w as selected the main sulfur-fix ation. The ef fect o f ra tio of Ca /S on the combustio n characteristic and kinetic parameter w as studied. Four kinds of addi tiv es ' ef fect o n the sulfur-fixing capabi li ty of Ca(OH)2 a nd combustio n cha racteristic and kinetic pa rameter w as compa red in the ex periment tempera ture of 1 000℃and Ca /S= 1. 5.",1
"The ex periment o n the genera tion characteristics o f SO2 in co-combustio n of rice dusk and coal was carried out in ci rculating f luidi zed bed. And the influences of tempera ture and ex cess air coef ficient on the generation characteristics o f SO2 w ere studied especially. The study show ed tha t the co-combustion o f rice dusk and co al could reduce 50% productio n of SO2 g enerated in combustion o f coal at least. There existed an o ptimum ra nge o f the ratio betw een biomass a nd co al quali ty, which wa s no mo re than 30% . The productio n o f SO2 in co-combustion increased wi th bed temperature. Howev er, the reductio n ra te of SO2 fluctuated wi th bed temperature which reached maximum a t 850℃. The variation of ex cess ai r co ef ficient inf luenced the production n of SO2 in cocombustion sligh tly.",1
"In o rde r to ra ise treat ing ef fect o f co ke p lan t w astew ater, th is ar ticle stud ied the cu lture o f the act iva ted sludge, screen ing and iso lat ion o f dom in an t m icrobe; the compa ra t ive deg rading ex perim en ts using iso lated dom inan tm icro be w ere perfo rm ed. A s a resu lt, f ivem icrobe s w e re screened. T hey a re th ree pseudom onas bac te ria, one nit robac te r bacter ium and one m icrococcus bacter ium respect ive ly. T he h ighest deg rada tion ra te o f CO D and NH3-N is 81. 1% , 51. 2% respect ive ly a fte r 48 h; and it show s tha t the g rades cu ltu re o f the act iva ted sludg e is a ve ry ef fect ive m ethod app ly ing to screen o f dom inan t m icrobe.",1
"Poly-g eneratio n energ y sy stem based on coal gasi fica tion integ rates resource, energ y a nd env iro nment , w hich wi ll be a n impo rtant pa rt o f the sustainable dev eloping energy system for China. But the complete, systemic a nd ex ter nal eva luation o f poly-g eneratio n is still lacking , and the energy saving mechanism i s not deeply recog ni zed as w ell. By int roducing mat rix mode thermo-eco nomic method, the energ y f low s w ith dif ferent quali ties in dif ferent part s o f system are rational ly fixed prices. The ca lculated elect rici ty cost is 0. 286 y uan /( kW·h ) and the methano l cost i s 926 yua n / t. Al so some indicators like co st dif ference a nd ex erg y eco nomic coefficient of subsystems in poly-genera tion sy stem and single system a re compared, w hich defini te the source o f benefi t and point out the direction for further improvement.",1
"Co al porosi ty and surface area will be chang ed during the thermo conv ersion of coal, such as coal g asificatio n a nd coal combustion. Understanding o f pore st ructure and reactivity i s essential for the utilization of coal. In the paper, the co rrelatio n between po re st ructure a nd reactivity o f coal is di scussed from three aspects: coal po ro sity measurement , po re structure cha nges during reactio n and pore st ructure models. The prospect of research and dev elo pment is also put fo rwa rd, that i s, further resea rch should be focused on uni fied theo ry of coa l reactivi ty and po re structure, and the influence of cataly sts in po re st ructure.",1
"Ent rained-bed coal gasification is the key techno logy o f high ef ficiency a nd clea n utili zatio n of coal in China. Its basic cha racteristic and main af fecting facto rs are brief ly int roduced. Tw o representativ e ent rained-bed coal gasification techno logies, Texaco of co al w ater slurry gasi fica tion a nd Shel l o f dry pulverized-coal gasification, are focused, a nd thei r adv antages and existed problems are also discussed. Based o n the current sta te of co al gasi fica tion technolo gy and i ts commercial o peratio n in China , the dev elopment st rateg y fo r future w as giv en fo rw ard.",1
"Basic thermodynamic pro perties of coal liquefied oil w ere analyzed, wi th measuring metho ds and some cor relations about basic thermody namic properties of pet roleum, measuring methods and co rrela tio ns about basic thermody namic pro perties o f coal liquefied oil w ere studied. The mea surement of v apor pressure, calculating of v apo r-liquid phase equi librium constant a nd apprai sing calcula ting pro cess of vaporization enthalpy of coal liquefied oi l w ere detai ledly discussed. Finally, the best w ay of mea suring these pro perties was obtained. In addi tio n, appraising calcula ting o f cri tical pro perties o f coal liquefied oil f ractions w ere simply o utlined.",1
"The component s o f crude oi l f rom F-T sy nthesi s bo th at home a nd abroad are int roduced. Compa red wi th crude pet ro leum, F-T sy nthetic crude oi l mainly has pa raffin a nd alkene, containing few cyclopa raf fin and a rene, wi th ex t remely low sulfur and ni t ro gen. Based on the proper ty o f F-T synthetic crude oil , the market demand of co rrela tiv e pro ducts a nd the national need, and co nsidering the effect of productio n scale on the eco nomic benefi t, the upg rading-process i s proposed in o rder to increase eco nomic benefi t and to proper industriali zed dev elo pment fo r coal-ba sed sy nfuel.",1
"Par ticulate mat ters, especially soo t particles fo rmatio n through incomplete combustion o f hydroca rbons is an impo rta nt pro blem w hich has increasing ly been paid much attention by all count ries th roug hout the wo rld. Nowadays, mo st of the researches are abo ut how to co nt rol the particles af ter the combustio n but barely about how to cont rol them during the combustion. This paper presents sev eral impo rta nt facto rs that af fect the particles formatio n in f lames wi th the applied elect ric field and giv es a rev iew abo ut the resea rches o n the soo t pa rticle fo rmatio n, g row th a nd removing in flames wi th the applied electric field a nd the sta tus of the interna tional research. The paper show s that wi th the applied electric field, the mass concentration o f the soo t pa rticles in f lame can be turned dow n abo ut 90% at most and wi th the addi tio n of cataly st the particles can be turned into nanotubes. Finally, the empha si s and di rectio ns fo r nex t study had been summari zed a t the end o f this pa per.",1
,1
,1
,1
,1
"The paper studied the distribution characteristic of EPA-PAHs in the pyrolysis gas of coals, the coals were low rank coals which suit for underground gasification and the pyrolysis experiment was carried out at 600 ℃. The relationship between the concentration of EPA-PAHs and the elemental composition of the coals was discussed. The results showed that, following with the elevation of coal rank, the concentration of low-ring PAHs decrease, while the concentration of high-ring PAHs and the total amount of EPA-PAHs in the pyrolysis gas rise. Naphthalene, acenaphthene, acenaphthylene, fluoranthene, pyrene and benzo(a)anthracene were the major component of EPA-PAHs. The three-rings PAHs take the highest percentage of 67-57%. When the carbon content is 76.98％, H/C molar ratio is 0.94, O/C molar ratio is 0.16 and the volatile content is 43.32%, the total amount of EPA-PAHs released from said coal reached the highest level.",0
"Based on space arrangement, size and running parameters of equipments and pipes in CH4-CO2 reforming with carbonaceous catalyst, this paper establishes calculation model of frictional resistance and local resistance, analyzes pressure loss of equipments and pipes by model, and optimizes the size of some equipments and pipes. The result shows that O2 accumulator tank, reheating furnace and O2 pipes have much pressure loss.After optimization, total pressure loss of system reduced from 8 260.6 Pa to 3 289.9 Pa. When entrance pressure is 40 MPa, exit pressure was 0.036 7 MPa.",1
"This thesis is aimed at developing new Mn-Cu sorbents with aluminate sol. The thesis also investigated the influence of sintering temperature, reduction time, sol amounts and space velocity on the sorbents’ desulfurizating behaviour. The experiment results indicated that 900 ℃ is the best sintering temperature and the pre-reduction process of 0.5 h in N2 and H2 would significantly improve the desulfruizing behaviour. The addition of aluminates sol not only prolonged the breakthrough time but also boosted the desulfurization depth. The behaviour of different sorbents’ to space velocity are disparate. However, the breakthrough time in low space velocity is much longer than in the higher one in general.",1
"The coke mechanical strength is an important index of coke quality, and an accurate predictive model of coke mechanical strength can ensure the coking production going well. Predicting the coke mechanical strength by support vector regression and detailedly analyzing the different forecasting effects with the different indexes of the blend coal and the coking process, the effective characteristic parameters are founded to establish the coke mechanical strength model. With the characteristic parameters selected, when 85≤M25≤90 or 6≤M10≤12, the predictive accuracy of the support vector machines model is high, the predictive error is small, the  correlation is strong, and the generalization ability of the prediction model is great.",1
The reflectance distribution of coal vitrinite and other coal properties of eighteen individual coals of Shuicheng Steel which are classified into six groups has been determined and analyzed. The analytical results of coal properties and coking tests for the eighteen individual coal samples have been analyzed and evaluated. The test results show the coals of Baohua group are the main factor which influences coke quality of Shuicheng Steel. So it is suggested the coals of Baohua group are divided into three sub-groups and stacked separately in three coal piles for coal blending. Three optimum coal blend schemes have been put forward based on reflectance distribution of coal vitrinite and common property parameters of coal. The coke quality is improved obviously and much superior to that of current production coal blend at Shuicheng Steel. The research shows that using the reflectance distribution diagram of coal vitrinite is an effective means of guiding optimization of coal blending and especially effective for controlling and stabilizing coke property at high temperature. It is useful and more convenient to guide coal blending by using reflectance distribution diagram of coal vitrinite when there is a lot of kind of coals and/or there are mixed coals for blending.,1
"Aimed at overcoming the problem of high water content in semi-coke product and large water consumption in the production process in the north of Shaanxi Province, the technological scheme of the pyrogenous coal gas used as semi-coke quenching medium to quench and extinguish the hot semi-coke was proposed in this paper. Based on the low-temperature carbonization process carried out in the shaft internal heating type furnace, the material balance, heat balance of semi-coke is calculated and energy consumption is analyzed. The results showed that the new process with semi-coke dry quenching technology could save almost 203 kg water and 643.30 MJ per ton of semi-coke, with the semi-coke sensible heat effectively recycle, as a result, water content in product can be obviously reduced. Meanwhile, the theoretical semi-coke yield can be improved because of the decrease of water gas reaction. The technology shows a good application foreground.",1
"Phenols in L-tar and H-tar of low temperature coal tar from Shanbei was extracted by soda wash method. The L-tar and H-tar were distilled into 170 ℃-240 ℃, 240 ℃-270 ℃ and 270 ℃-300 ℃fractions. And the total phenol content in these fractions were evaluated. The minimum amount of soda that completely reactioned with certain fraction oil was determined by the minimum soda-oil ratio. The best extraction condition was got by the orthogonal experiment. The yields of crude phenols from the fractions of L-tar were 29.21%, 19.70%, 16-95% under the best extraction condition, and the yields were 95.05%, 93.19%, 90.30%, corresponding to the total phenols in the fractions. For H-tar, the yields of crude phenols were 58.40%, 40.99%, 41.55%, and the yields were 91.19%, 87.74%, 85.83%, corresponding to the total phenols in the fractions. It is proved that phenols were extracted completely from low temperature coal tar by soda wash method through GC/MS analysis of soda washed oil.",0
"The sulfur fixation characteristics of co-combustion wheat straw, cotton stalk, corn stalk and high-sulfur low quality coal respectively were researched with quick intelligence sulfur analyzer. The influence of different mixing ratios, temperature and the composition of biomass ash to sulfur fixation ratio was analyzed. The results of experiment indicate that temperature make major impact on sulfur fixation ratio, the total sulfur fixation ratio decreases with temperature rising. In the same temperature, higher content of biomass makes better sulfur fixation effect. Sulfur fixation effect is different using different biomass. The contents of chlorine and alkali metal in biomass make great impact on sulfur fixation effect.",1
"A series of coal-based activated carbons were prepared from different coal rank of Taixi anthracite and Shenhua bituminous by KOH activation. Pore structure of activated carbons was investigated by nitrogen adsorption. The influence law and mechanism of coal blending to the pore structure of activated carbons were studied. The results showed that the  high specific surface area activated carbons(2 817 m2/g-3 134 m2/g) can be prepared with different ratio of coal blending. The ratio of coal blending was the main factor to influence the pore size distribution of activated carbons. With the increasing of the ratio of high rank coal in coal blending, the pore size distribution of activated carbons narrowed, and the ratio of mesopore volume decreased. The difference of the structure and properties of raw coal is the main reason to cause the difference of pore structure of coal-based activated carbons of different coal rank. The pore size distribution of activated carbons can be adjusted effectively by coal blending.",1
"Hollow carbon nanoparticles with particle size of 20 nm-40 nm have been synthesized in a metal-containing system using N,N-dimethyllformamide (DMF) as the carbon source via detonation-assisted chemical vapor deposition. More significantly, it was found that hollow carbon nanoparticles can be self-assembled synthesized without metal catalyst. In this process, the structures and sizes of the carbon nanoparticles are heavily depending on the ratio of explosive and carbon source. If the ratio of expolsive∶DMF is appropriate, hollow carbon nanoparticles are over 95%, and their particle size is around 10 nm with a narrow size distribution.",1
"Using the gangue as raw materials, the process synthesis of gangue-based adsorbent by self-transformation of gangue were studied under hydrothermal conditions; meanwhile, crystallization directing agent was added under low temperature and ultrasonic conditions. Its adsorption properties were primarily studied by means of static nitrogen-adsorption capacity method so that the nitrogen-adsorption isotherm, specific surface and pore distribution were measured under hydrothermal, crystallization directing agent at low temperature and ultrasonic conditions. The crystal phase of products was analyzed by XRD spectrum. The adsorption isotherm of gangue-based adsorbents synthesized by the two alternative methods was obtained by the adsorbent experiment of phenol. The results show that the specific surface area and adsorption capacity of the gangue-based adsorbent were effectively enhanced by crystallization directing agent at low temperature and ultrasonic method. XRD and particle size distribution spectrums show that the diameter of the products synthesized by crystallization directing agent at low temperature and ultrasonic method was far lower than that of the products synthesized by the traditionally hydrothermal method. The products have uniform granularity likewise. The crystallization temperature was evidently decreased by the energy supply of ultrasonic.",1
"This manuscript designed, simulated and carried 3E assessment of energy consumption, CO2 emission and economic cost of three dimethyl ether production systems in China, which are based on gas-phase methanol dehydration process (conventional process), gas-phase methanol dehydration integrated with coal gasification process (coal gasification process), and polygeneration process integrating coal gasification and wind power water dehydration (polygeneration process). And sensitivity analysis is performed on sensitive factors affecting the economic costs of dimethyl ether such as coal price, methanol price and equivalent capacity factor of coal-wind combined system.",1
"Fe-Mo/ZSM-5 has a good NOx catalytic activity. In this basis, we compared the preparation methods of catalyst powder, catalyst additives, carriers and other factors on the honeycomb catalyst reduction. The results show that the catalytic activity prepared monolithic catalysts by gas phase ion exchange method is the best, at 350 ℃, the catalytic activity can be reach more than 90%. In high temperature（350 ℃-600 ℃）catalytic activity remained at 100%. The addition of K+ catalyst additives help increase powder catalytic activity. Powder catalyst impregnated on the carrier and roasting 2 times is the best.",1
"This article use immersion method to make catalyst using active carbon supported acetate zinc, studied general immersion method and ultrasonic immersion method respectively, and got the optimum conditions of ultrasonic immersion method: dipping time 30 min, sound frequency 28 MHz, soaking temperature 45 ℃. The zinc acetate content of the catalyst made in this condition has raised 7% and specific surface has raised 30% compared to the catalyst made in general immersion method. Experimental results reveal that the catalyst made in ultrasonic immersion method has remarkable improvement compared to the catalyst made in general immersion method, and the catalyst activity improved about 34.54 at 180 ℃.",1
"Pyrolysis characters of Daqing oil shale was carried out by TG analysis, including the rate of heating speed and final temperature. It is concluded that major factor on pyrolysis is temperature. With the increase of temperature, the yield rate of volatile matter improves. And the pyrolysis character temperature of oil shale and maxium pyrolysis volecities were increased remarkabley. A kinetic model was built according to the DTG curves. The varieties on functional group of oil shale and semi-coke were analyzed by FTIR, which suggested that the functional groups of oil shale were similar to coal. The absorbance of simi-coke functional groups was decrease gradually with the increase of final temperatures.",0
"The development of coal to olefin technology made coal-based ethylene process producing PVC become an option. In this paper, different technology processes of carbon emissions (direct and indirect carbon emissions) were calculated and analyzed. Compared to coal-based ethylene PVC (pure boiler model) production process, calcium carbide and coal-based ethylene PVC (boiler+gas turbine mode) show lower carbon emissions. In addition, little mercury pollution was produced by the latter, so that there was certain advantage in the comprehensive degree of CO2 emission reduction, energy conversion efficiency, cost and clean production etc.",1
"The effect that the phosphorus in the municipal wastewater was adsorpted by roasting temperature, sulfuric acid concentration and coal-measures kaoline consumption was studied, then the adsorption isothermal, adsorption dynamics and adsorption thermodynamic were studied too. The result showed when the roasting temperature was 700 ℃; the sulfuric acid concentration was 70% and the coal-measures kaoline consumption was 0.75 g (per 50 mL water), the adsorption rate could be arrived the highest respectively.The action that the phosphorus in the municipal wastewater was adsorpted by sulfuric acid-activated coal-measures kaoline more fitted in the Freundlich model. Kinetic analysis showed that the adsorption rate was mainly governed by liquid film diffusion, and the adsorption process released heat.",1
"There is lots of lignite in China and most of the lignite is used directly in power generation nearby. However, the application of lignite in power generation results in a high capital cost and low combustion efficiency because of its high moisture content. Thus the dewater of lignite is very important. The moisture content of lignite can be decreased by drying with the changes in its internal composition and structure. Based on its high porosity, it is suggested to model the drying process as a porous media in this paper. Therefore, the drying process characteristics of porous media is firstly addressed. Moreover, the current drying mechanism of porous media and its future trend are introduced detailedly.",1
The modes of occurrence and cleaning mechanism of hazardous trace elements in coal were illustrated and pointed that the migration behavior of trace elements in coal were dominated by their organic affinities; the trace elements associated with inorganic minerals can be removed; meanwhile summarized the research situation of removing hazardous trace elements by conventional washing methods and pointed the trace elements can be removed by conventional methods; focused on the analysis of research progress of removing hazardous trace elements by magnetic separation.,1
"Issues related to coal grading utilization technology were discussed systematically in this paper. Based on the scientific concept of grading quality proposal and process route analysis, in addition to combined with Shanbei’s resource superiority of abundant  low rank coal and salt, three types of Shanbei resources’ comprehensive and efficient utilization technologies centered with coal grading utilization technology such as coal grading utilization-novel salt chemical engineering utilization mode, coal grading utilization-coal-based substitution for petroleum chemicals mode, coal grading utilization-SNG utilization mode were proposed. And the technical and cost-effect analysis have also been carried out. This work is significant for guiding the use of low rank coal in China.",1
"In view of that the gas calorific value is low, the experimental program of the oxygen enriched carbonization is proposed based on on-the-spot investigation of coal low-temperature carbonization application present situation in Yulin Northern Shaanxi. The theoretical calculation and the analysis of the experimental data have proved that the oxygen enriched carbonization is feasible. The oxygen enriched carbonization can decrease the nitrogen content and increase the effective combustible component content in the gas, it causes the gas calorific value significantly increased and have solved the problem of environmental pollution and resource-wasting because the low calorific value gas was utilized effectively and released into the air.",1
"The pyrolysis characteristics of mongolia lignite and indonesian lignite were investigated, and the influence of heating rate on the weight loss process were also discussed. The kinetic of the lignites pyrolysis were analysed with Doyle integration. The studys show that the weight loss process of the two lignites can be divided into four stages, in which the first stage(R.T.-200 ℃) is the process of drying degasification, and other stages are the pyrolysis process. The heating rate has slight effect on pyrolysis curve, and the kinetic parameters which was got by Doyle integration can reflect the pyrolysis condition well.",0
"In this study, the combustion behavior of coals and their treated coals, Liuzhi (LZ), Zunyi (ZY) and Wujiaping (WJP) raw coals, their deashed coals and depyrited coals, was investigated by a thermogravimetric analyzer (TGA92), and the kinetic model about coal combustion was also studied. For the deashed coals, the temperatures of kindling point and combustion peak all decrease compared to their raw coals, which may be related to lower activation energy in the deashed coals. For the ZY and WJP depytied coals, the combustion characteristic index is almost same to that of their deashed coals, the reason should be that the activation energy and pre-exponential factor, which co-affect the temperature of kindling point, combustion peak, the average and maximum ratio of coal combustion, all increased intensely in those depyrited coals. It is found that the kinetic model of coals combustion is first order reaction in a definition region of whole combustion range, and the most of correlative linearity factors is higher than 0.98.",1
"The influence of the inferior coals with NaClO4, MnO2, or BaCO3 on the characteristics of coal combustion was investigated by thermo-gravimetric(TG) analysis. The results indicated that the catalysts can enhance the release of volatile matters of the coals, furthermore, the ignition and burnout characteristics of the coal with catalysts are improved to some extent, on which the catalytic activity of the catalysts are in the order of NaClO4>BaCO3>MnO2 and BaCO3>MnO2>NaClO4 respectively. Simultaneously, the catalysts can increase the quantity of heat releasing of the coal. The function principle of the catalysts to the inferior coals is that the catalysts can promote the release of volatile matters and the contact of oxygen and coke, thus, the ignition temperature of the coal is decreased and the process of coal combustion is accelerated.",1
"The Erdos bituminous coal is gasified with K2CO3 as the catalyst in supercritical water (SCW) using a batch tank reactor. The effects of temperature, H2O/coal ratio, and amount of K2CO3 loadings are tested and investigated. Experimental results indicate that temperature has significant effect on the coal conversion and gas yield, and both the conversion rate and gas yield increase with increasing temperature; greater water/coal ratio can increase the coal conversion rate and gas yield, but the effect is less profound as the water/coal ratio increases; in the range of the catalyst loading between 5%-20%coal, the coal conversion increases appreciably with increasing catalyst loading amount. In this investigation, the optimum operating conditions are found at 650 ℃, 25 MPa, coal particle size within the range of 80 mesh-150 mesh, water/coal mass ratio of 20∶1, and K2CO3 concentration of 20%coal, and the coal conversion, gas yield, hydrogen yield, and methane yield are 84%, 3 000 mL/g daf coal, 1 900 mL/g daf coal and more than 450 mL/g daf coal respectively.",0
"The solidified liquid chemical ignition agent and ignition method are investigated in consideration of characteristics of the ignition in deep blind hole of the non-well underground coal gasification. The chemical ignition agent with stable performance and a combustion enthalpy of 14 246.5 kJ/kg is prepared with methanol as main fuel, stearic acid as coagulant, sodium methoxide as catalyst, aluminum and carbon powder as combustion improver, potassium perchlorate as oxidizer, nitrocellulose as binder, paraffin as plasticizer and sodium thiosulfate as stabilizer. The ignition test result shows that the coal seam temperature reaches ignition point 75 min after ignition; 85 min after ignition combustible component (H2+CO+CH4) composition of exit gas exceeds 20% and this indicates that the coal seam is successfully ignited.",1
"IGCC systems based on Shell and GSP gasification are designed and simulated, including a deep shift with 95% of CO conversion and no shift. The results show that the IGCC systems with the deep shift and without the deep shift based on the Shell gasification has the thermal efficiency of 41.8% and 34.8% respectively. The advantage of the system with the deep shift is that can greatly decrease CO2 vent. The ratio of carbon capture to total carbon is 92.5%. However, to the IGCCs with no shift, this ratio is 0.2%.",1
"Intensive heat transfer, mass transfer and complex chemical reactions have been occurred in Texaco gasifier. In this paper, based on mass balance, energy balance and chemical equilibrium, a simplified mathematical model has been established for Texaco gasifier, and using the powerful Labview software, the effect of coal-water slurry concentration and oxygen-coal ratio on the content of each synthesis gas component are  simulated, the simulation results agree well with the experimental results, and also taking the content of the effective ingredient (CO+H2) of synthesis gas as an objective function, the gasification parameters are optimized. This study provide technical support for the optimization operation of industrial Texaco gasifier.",1
"In order to understand the fusion characteristics of the agglomerates from the fluidized-bed gasification, the experiment was conducted to investigate the differences of ash fusion temperatures (AFTs) of the slag in the gasifier, spherical agglomerates and coal gangue ashes. It was analyzed from the aspects of coal ash ingredients and mineral crystal phase composition by chemical analysis and X-ray diffraction method (XRD). The results show that the AFTs of three ash residues are elevated from slag, spherical agglomerates to coal gangue ashes. The changes of ash compositions contribute to the variations of AFT, the decreasing of the total basic composition in three ash residues make AFTs increase, and vice versa. Low temperature molten matrix formed by gehlenite, anorthite and other calcium compounds make the AFTs of slag lower than the other two; the content of quartz in coal gangue ashes is higher that of spherical agglomerates and the skeleton role of mullite lead to the AFT of coal gangue ashes is higher than that of spherical agglomerates. The fusion characteristics differences of three ash residues are mainly caused by the migration and conversion during the process of Xiaolongtan lignite fluidized-bed gasification.",1
"Momentum, energy and composition equations of a new CFB desulfurization tower with gas bypass are solved by standard k-ε model, DPM, species transport and finite-rate chemistry model, and numerical simulation results agree well with the experimental results. The characteristics of desulfurization and flow resistance of two desulfurization towers are researched by numerical simulation, and the influence of gas velocity and circulation rate to desulfurization efficiency of bypassing desulfurization tower is also researched. The results show that both desulfurization and flow resistance characteristics of bypassing desulfurization tower are better than those of non-bypassing desulfurization tower. When gas velocity increases, desulfurization efficiency of bypassing desulfurization tower slightly increases and then decreases; desulfurization efficiency increases clearly when circulation rate of desulfurizing agent increases from 20 to 50, but it only has a slight increase when circulation rate is more than 50.",1
"Hydrogen production from lignite and coking waste water was performed in a continuous supercritical water reactor with feeding of coal water slurry. The effects of reaction temperature (450 ℃-600 ℃) and slurry concentration (20%-50%) were investigated. The results showed that the hydrogen yield and coal gasification efficiency in the co-gasification of lignite and coking waste water were higher than the separate gasification of them at the same conditions; the reaction temperature was a key parameter in the co-gasification, and the hydrogen concentration and yield increased from 21.5% and 85.3 mL/g to 42.3% and 371.8 mL/g by increasing the temperature from 450 ℃ to 600 ℃; 50% coal-water-slurry was continuously transported and stably gasified without plugging problems; carbon gasification efficiency of the co-gasification increased by increasing temperature and decreasing the slurry concentration.",1
"The direct liquefaction performance of Shendong coal was systemactically investigated in a batch autoclave. The results showed that with increasing of temperature, the total conversion and gas yield are also increasing, PAA yield is decreasing, oil yield is increasing and then decreasing; with increasing of reaction time, the total conversion, gas yield and oil yield are also increasing, PAA yield is decreasing; the suitable reaction temperature is 455 ℃, and reaction time is 120 min.",0
"In order to research the regular pattern of hydrogen dissolved in coal liquefied oil and hydrogen consumption in the coal direct liquification process, data on the high-pressure solubility of hydrogen in hexadecane-1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene, 1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene-quinoline, hexadecane-quinoline at temperatures from 453.15 K to 623.15 K and pres-sures from 1 MPa to 10 MPa were determined with an experiment-established apparatus that measured the solubility in vapor-liquid phase equilibrium sampling way. Meanwhile, the regular pattern of hydrogen dissolved was revealed in these mixed solvent system. A mathematical model based on Pierotti method and Henry law is proposed. Calculation of solubility of hydrogen in these mixed solvent system with the mathematical model that the expression of model is lnxH2=-aT+bT+clnT+dlnpH2+e, in which related parameters in model is obtained by regression of known solubility data for different solvents showed that the average absolute deviation(η) between regression values and experimental results is around 5.52%, while the average absolute deviation between calculation of solubility of hydrogen in these mixed solvent system with P/N/A model and experimental results is larger. The study indicated that the mathematical model has best application value in counting solubility of hydrogen in organic solvent mixtures.",1
"In the batch autoclave, high temperature coke-oven coal tar was extracted by supercritical methanol, and separated products using clan component separation, investigated the affect to the reaction characteristics impacted by reaction conditions such as temperature, pressure, time, etc. and analyzed the enrichment products with FTIR and elemental analyzer. The results showed that processing high temperature coal tar with supercritical methanol, coal tar in mild conditions can be upgraded in some extent, the yield of light oil was up to 78.19% comparing with 65.10% from coal tar in raw materials, H/C ratio increased 28.24% comparing with the light oil in raw coal tar and increased 109.62% comparing with the raw coal tar pressure and temperature have a great influence on the distribution of the product. The rising temperature is not conducive to increasing the yield of light oil fractions; lifting pressure can gained more light oil component; reaction time has little effect on product distribution in experimental conditions. FT-IR shows that after supercritical extraction, a large number of high value-added products can be enriched in the light oil fractions and that is conducive to further processing and utilization of coal tar.",0
"Coal tar is the major chemical product of coking plant, so its yield has great influence on the benefit of coking plants. By studying different kinds of single coal, several factors such as volatile component, caking index and macerals were found to affect the tar’s yield. The tar index which contained the above three parameters was first defined and was proved to be effective to characterize the tar’s yield of single coal. According to above research, a new method was proposed to anticipate the tar yield of blending coal.",0
"Activated carbons and hydrogen were prepared by KOH activation combined with steam activation from Shenfu 3# coal. Effects of ratio of KOH to the coal, heat treatment temperature, activation time on activated carbons performance  and hydrogen product were studied. Activation mechanism was also discussed. The results indicated that iodine number is 837 mg/g, methylene blue adsorption value is 430 mg/g with the activated carbon prepared at 700 ℃ for unit activation time 10 min, with addition of KOH whose ratio to the coal is 0.5. Under the same condition, about 33.1 mmol for each gram of coal is released during the activation.",1
"The removal behavior of organic sulfur in Wansheng high sulfur coal has been investigated. The inorganic sulfur has been removed by nitric acid. The effects of the concentration of coal slurry, the extraction time and temperature, the ratio of 1,2-propanediol to potassium hydroxide on desulfurization efficiency were studied in single factor method. The optimized desulfurization conditions were concentration of coal 0.05 g/mL, reaction time 90 min, reaction temperature 180 ℃ and 1∶1 volume ratio of 1,2-propanediol to potassium hydroxide, as coal granule size was 0.075 mm. Under these conditions, the organic sulfur has come down from 0.72% to 0.35%, and the coal defulfurization efficiency can come up to 51.4%.",1
"Single-phase NaP1 zeolite(ZFA) was synthesized through hydrothermal method(HT) and microwave assisted hydrothermal method(MW) from coal fly ash(CFA) pretreated by Na2CO3 fusion, the effects of pH value and adsorption time on the Cu2+ removal efficiency were investigated. The results showed that the two ZFAs through HT and MW also have high removal efficiency of Cu2+, at 25 ℃, solution pH value of 6, sorbent dose of 10 g/L, and contact time of 30 min, the Cu2+ removal efficiency is over 95%. The adsorption of Cu2+ on the two ZFAs fits the Langmuir isotherm well and the greatest adsorption capacity of HT-ZFA and MW-ZFA was 70.08 mg/g and 53.30 mg/g.",1
"USY and transition metal modified USY (M/USY) were used as catalyst to investigate the dehydration of low concentration ethanol to ethylene. The physical and chemical properties of the catalysts were characterized by nitrogen adsorption-desorption (BET), X-ray powder diffraction (XRD) and ammonium temperature-programmed desorption (NH3-TPD) techniques. The catalytic performance reached the best value when the cobalt concentration as 3% at ethanol concentration of 20%(percent of volume), reaction temperature at 250 ℃ and the weight hourly space velocity (WHSV) of 2.37 h-1. Temperature of reaction had a significant impact on the ethylene selectivity，and which increased from 24.0% of 220 ℃ to 95.7% of 250 ℃. When temperature is 280 ℃, the ethylene selectivity is up to 100%. The catalyst Co/USY has fine stablility and high activity after reacting 102 h.",1
"The research on the thorough treatment of the coking waste water has been carried out with slag of gasifier by pretreatment, in which the process condition of treating coking waste water was studied and the adsorption principle was preliminarily investigated. The results show that carbon-containing materials could be concentrated and ash could be separated effectively by screening and float-sink test and the content of carbon could reach 80%. The adsorption process had a big adsorption rate and reached adsorption saturation in 2 h. The removal rate of chemical oxygen demand could reach 88% when the concentration of carbon-rich slag was 30 g/L. The adsorption process could be described well with Freundlich isotherms equation. The char with the larger proportion mesopore was beneficial to adsorb the coking waste water, which had a bigger adsorption rate.",1
"The aim of the present study was to experimentally investigate the influence of calcination on SiO2 utilization ratios of oil shale residues. Three kinds of residues were selected from different processing methods including retorting carbocoal by solid heat carrier method, retorting carbocoal of Fushun-type and fine residues from a circulating fluidized-bed of a power station. Effects of calcination temperature, calcination time and particle size were analyzed with XRD patterns. Results show that a maximum SiO2 leaching rate of 80% can be received from the carbocoal by solid heat carrier method after calcination activation at 850 ℃ for 0.5 h, while those for the carbocoal of Fushun-type and residues from a power station are 75% and 60% respectively, without the need of calcinations.",1
"Fe(NO3)3 as catalytic precursor and Na2S as in-situ presulfurizer were impregnated on the Shenhua bituminous coals which were synchronously swollen with H2O, methanol, N-N dimethylformamide （DMF） or dimethyl sulfoxide（DMSO） at 20 ℃ for 12 h. Then the swollen coals were prepared by vacuum drying. The co-processing of swollen Shenhua coal and two heavy oils（LGAR and Du84） was carried on under the condition of the mass ratio of 2∶1 oil to coal, 8 MPa cold hydrogen pressure，420 ℃and 1 h. The coprocessing of the swollen bituminous coal and LGAR or Du84 was significantly improved on the coal liquefaction. Among the three swelling solvents, the improvement of DMF was the highest, that of DMSO was the better and methanol were the lowest. Du84 was favor in the coprocessing than LGAR. By XRD analysis, the iron catalysts on the swollen coal with Fe(NO3)3 synchronously impregnated with the solvents were amorphous and highly dispersed on coal surface and could transform into Fe1-xS in the coprocessing. During the coprocessing, the deactivation of the catalyst synchronously impregnated on swollen coal with DMF was not clear.",1
"The microwave co-pyrolysis of Wangjiagou (WJG) long flame coal and coking coal (JM) were carried out in this study to know about the changes of yield and composition of coal pyrolysis product with the different ratio of two raw coals. The results showed that under microwave pyrolysis conditions, the tar yield was gradually reduced with the proportion of JM coal increases, while the ash content and sulfur content of solid coke increased, and the SEM pictures showed the area of porous surface in the solid structure of coke was bigger, the porous borders became increasingly clear. The content of CO2, CO, CH4, and CnHm were gradually increased with the pyrolysis time before 3 min then started to decreased. With the JM mixing ratio increase, the CO2, CO levels have diminished, but the change of CH4 and CnHm content was not obvious before 3 min, while increased in the 3 min-15 min interval.",0
"XRD and FTIR have been applied to the investigatin of structural characterization of vitrinite and inertinite macerals of PS and SD coal,and the thermal devolatilisation behavior were seperated at heating rate of 20 ℃/min by TG/MS. XRD spectrum revealed the similar structure as graphite of coal and the crastallite structural parameters were determined: d002（nm）,dγ（nm）,Lc（nm）,La（nm）,Me and fa. The ratio of aliphatic hydrocarbon and aromatic hydrocarbon,the length of aliphatic hydrocarbon side chains and the substitutional condition of aromatic rings were determined by FTIR. This study reveals the rich hydrogen condition, aliphatic hydrocarbon side chains linking condition and the substitutional condition of aromatic rings of the sample. The TG and the thermal devolatilisation behavior have relation with the characterization of coal structure. The thermal devolatilisation behavior and generation mechanism of C1-C4  light hydrocarbon, hydrogen,benzene and phenyl were specially analyzed.",1
"In order to develop the technology of lignite comprehensive utilization and create new methods to optimize the utilization, hot water drying of lignite of Huolinhe used the method of screening experiment of orthogonal and uniform design was studied. Meanwhile, the result of screening experiment of orthogonal and uniform design based on SPSS11.5  was analysed. The result find the main factors of hot water drying of lignite of Huolinhe, reduce the research on the factors which are not great important, reduce a lot of experiments, save the cost and time of experiments, and determine the optimized levels of main factors and secondary factors.",1
"Pyrolysis and gasification study of four different rank coals were carried out in a horizontal tube reactor, and the major nitrogenous products were analyzed by a FTIR gas analyzer. It is found that coal rank has a critical influence on fuel-nitrogen ratio converted to HCN during pyrolysis and gasification, while affects NH3 little. Because the deep decomposition of volatile is the major resource of HCN production, the lower rank coal has a higher volatile content which would lead a high HCN fuel-nitrogen ratio, but fuel-nitrogen ratio converted to NH3 is similar for different ranks coals. The different ranks coals gasification in CO2 atmosphere shows that, most of the char-nitrogen is converted to NO, and the fuel-nitrogen converted to NH3 is increased compared with pyrolysis in Ar atmosphere, and the fuel-nitrogen converted to HCN is increased for different ranks coals except Indonesia lignite. We analyzed NO production in CO2 gasification, and recognized the direct oxidation of char-nitrogen might be the major mechanism of NO production.",0
"The water inflow into coal seam is a very important influence factor of UCG, the process of UCG under water inflow was studied in this paper by UCG model test platform. The research shows that (the average of temperature field) could direct response the high or low of gas component and low heat-value. The relationship between gas component, low heat-value and  was positive correlation. In the model test, the optimal ratio of blast volume to influx water was 2.5∶1 and the critical ratio was 1.4∶1, the decomposition rate of water inflow was stable at 10%. With the improvement of velocity of water inflow, the decomposition rate of water  inflow was dropped, but the decomposition of the water was unchanged.",1
"One kind of bituminus coal named Shenmu coal with potassium carbonate as catalyst was gasified with steam on a self-made pressurized fixed-bed reactor at pressure of 3.5 MPa. The steam partial pressure were 1.24 MPa, 1.83 MPa and 2.88 MPa at 600 ℃, while were 1.24 MPa, 1.83 MPa and 2.34 MPa at 650 ℃ or 700 ℃. A kinetic reaction equation was proposed based on an n order and Langmuir-Hinshewood expression by evaluation the carbon conversion behavior. The results showed that the gasification activities significantly increased with increasing of reaction temperature and steam partial pressure. In the n order expression, the order n was 0.732 and the activation energy was 102.63 kJ/mol; In the L-H expression, the activation energy was 109.23 kJ/mol. It was found that L-H expression was more accurate than the n order expression in describing the effect of steam partial pressure on reaction.",1
"In this paper, the reaction between total conversion and time was investigated by liquefaction of Yanzhou coal using a 17 mL tubular resonance agitation microautoclave reactor under certain condition. It was found that coal liquefaction existed an initial stage of high reactivity. During this stage, most of the liquefaction reaction was completed. Then the reaction mechanism of hydrogen for the initial high reactivity stage was studied by coal liquefaction. The results show that: 1) without catalyst, in the initial high reactivity stage of coal liquefaction,hydrogen could not participate coal liquefaction reaction; 2) in the initial high reactivity stage of coal liquefaction, hydrogen soluted in coal liquefaction solvent rapidly. Thus the main reason that hydrogen did not participate the liquefaction reaction effectively is not the solution process; 3) adding high dispersion iron catalyst with sulfur promoter in the initial high reactivity stage of coal liquefaction, hydrogen, activated by the catalyst impregnation, was able to participate coal liquefaction reaction. By which the total conversion increased more than 7 percent.",0
"Shenhua coal was swelled in an ultrasonic generator with pyridine as the swelling agent. In order to investigate the effects of ultrasound swelling on coal liquefaction, the loss of coal and swelling rate were determined and the IR spectra was analyzed. The ultrasonic swelling of coal can enhance the reaction of direct liquefaction of catalytic hydrogenation further by contrasting the liquefaction of coal swelled by ultrasonic wave radiation and the naturally swelled coal. The liquefaction conversion rate of Shenhua coal increases 3%-4% after the treatment of ultrasound irradiation.",1
"Study of Yima coal direct liquefaction under different reaction time, temperature, and initial hydrogen pressure was probed into. The experiment was investigated by reaction kettle with circulation oil and Fe2O3  and S catalyst. The results indicated that the best reaction conditions were at 380 ℃, 9 MPa, 120 min according to the oil yield , and the conversion of liquefaction decreased with the temperature, but the oil yield of liquefaction increased firstly and then decreased with the temperature, and the conversion and oil yield of liquefaction increased with the initial cool hydrogen pressure and the reaction time.",0
"A kind of composite catalyst of direct coal liquefaction has been prepared as the catalyst of Shendong coal. The affect of particle size of the catalyst on direct liquefaction has been carried out. Conversion and oil yield increased with the decreasing of the diameter of the composite catalyst, meanwhile the intermediate asphaltenes and preasphaltenes remain unchanged, and the gas yield and hydrogen consumption decreased. After the catalysts are grinded into less than 74 μm, the yields of the composite catalyst are superior to those of “863” catalyst. The products get much lighter, and the conversion increases, which show the high hydrogenation of the nickel in the composite catalyst.",0
"Adding self-made coal pitch powder to heavy oil could be obtained coal pitch oil slurry (CPOS), and the influence law of viscosity and rheology behavior were analyzed. The results showed that the viscosity of CPOS would increase with the higher dosage of the self-made coal pitch powder at the same temperature. The viscosity of CPOS with different concentration would decrease with the increase of temperature at the same shearing rate. With the increase of temperature, the decreasing trend of viscosity was gradually reduced.When the concentration of coal pitch powder was ≤12%, it has little effect on the rheology behavior of CPOS. With the increase of coal pitch powder’s concentration, net calorific value of CPOS appeared reduction, but the diminished rate was little.",1
"Using coal tar distillates as solvent, coal microwave-assisted extraction was investigated in this paper. On the basis of experiment, the effect of solvent/coal ratio, microwave radiate time on the extraction yield was discussed. The liquid yield can reach up to 25.51% at the optimal extraction conditions with solvent/coal ratio of 3∶1 and radiating time of 20 min, which implies a new utilization way for low carbonization coal tar. Dry ash-free basis coal and its residues were examined with FT-IR and SEM, which indicated that residual-coal’s (H/C) is decreased and the macromolecular network of coal is not ruined after extraction.",0
"The characters of QI in coal-tar are analyzed by ultimate analysis, FTIR, XRD and SEM etc, and it is showed that the QI is made up of coal powder, coke powder, pyrolytic carbon and condensation polymerization products. The content of each QI part in coal-tar is determined by floating QI in different density zinc chloride liquids. The related analysis data show that high QI in coal-tar is mainly caused by smokeless charging, the structural characters and heating system of 7.63 m coke oven, but the macromoleclar polymer makes the greatest contribution to QI, which is formed by high temperature condensation reaction.",0
"The effect of tannin extract in tannin extract desulfurization was investigated using UV-vis absorption spectroscopy and Foulier transferred infrared (FTIR) method. The study of interaction between tannin extract of oxidation state (TEos) and vanadium ion show there exists complex reaction between TEos and tetravalent vanadium ion/pentavalent vanadium ion. The study of reaction between TEos and bisulfide ion show: the reaction consists of two steps: the fast reaction and the slow reaction; concentration of HS- decreases with reaction time, and the reaction rate appears first quick back slow trend; the conversion of HS- increase with the increase of initial concentration of TEos; HS- reacts with TEos to form organic compounds containing sulfur, not to generate elemental sulfur.",1
"The combustion characteristics of three different ranks of coals (lignite, bituminous coal and anthracite) and their blend were studied by using the differential thermal-thermogravimetric analysis (DTA-TG). The results of TG curves indicated that the best heating rate was 20 ℃/min. Some combustion parameters, such as ignition temperature (Tb), maximum combustion rate temperature (Tm) and char burn-out temperature (Tf) was obtained. The differential thermal analyzer (DTA) curve can be used to estimate the heat released during the combustion process, which corresponds to the high heating value of the coal. The results of DTG and DTA indicated that the optimum ratio of coal blending for anthracite/lignite and bituminous coal/lignite were 3∶7 and 3∶7 respectively.",1
"A swirled burner is designed for burning low heat value of coal-bed methane. The influence of heat load and excess air coefficient on combustion performance is studied by numerical simulation, and combustion pollutant is calculated. Results show that counter pressure gradient is existed in the burning zone, and its existing can strengthen the flue gas disturbance，generate a high temperature zone and increase the combustion efficiency. The designed burner has a wide range of load adjusting. High combustion temperature and combustion efficiency can be kept even in the low load. The combustion temperature is the highest in the numerical simulation when the excessive air coefficient is 1.05, but the generation amount of NOx is only 25.1 mg/m3 at this condition.",1
"Experiments about the characters of coal combustion are done on the leveling-tube furnace in both air and oxygen-enriched atmosphere. The Fourier infrared spectrometer is applied to do the on-line measurement of the smoke. Different kinds of coals and different atmospheres have effects on the discharge of pollutant(SO2 and NO). Results of the experiments show that the precipitation curve of SO2 is almost single peak while NO’s is mostly double peak. The kinds of coal have great influence on the pollutant discharge, kinds of coal which is rich in sulphur and nitrogen will have more SO2 and NO precipitation respectively. In O2/CO2 atmosphere, with the increase of O2 concentration, the precipitation of SO2 and NO reduced significantly. The temperature(800 ℃-900 ℃) does not have significant influence on the precipitation of SO2 and NO, but the peak-to-peak value reached the maximum and the size of precipitation was the biggest when the temperature was 850 ℃. As a conclusion, we can claim that at temperature of 850 ℃, SO2 and NO are more easily separated out from the coal in O2/CO2 atmosphere.",1
"Mesoporous activated carbons were prepared from a lean coal in the presence of additive. Then the iodine value, methylene blue value and the nitrogen adsorption/desorption isotherms of activated carbon were characterized. The results show that the obtained activated carbons have great mesoporous volume without impregnating additive. The mesoporous volume can reach 0.287 4 mL/g and its ratio is up to 72.43%; both of microporous and mesoporous volume increase about 0.05 mL/g with additive, suggesting that the additive can benefit for the micropore forming and promote the mesopore growth, increase the total volume; the pore size distribution can be modulated by impregnating different amout of additive.",1
"The ammonia desulphuriztion waste liquid used in the process of flue gas desulphurization of power plant was studied in this paper. The proportion of the two kinds of desulphurization liquid was optimized and the liquids were tested with chemical analysis and instrumental analysis methods in laboratory. The results showed that the ammonium salt in the mixed liquid with proper proportion was converted to free ammonia, the elimination efficiency of SO2 in the flue gas was increased, there was no precipitation during reaction, and the sedimentation rate of sedimentation tank in power plant was accelerated.",1
"The effect that the organic matter in the municipal wastewater was adsorpted by sodium carbonate-activated coal-series kaoline with the time of adsorption equilibrium, the concentration of wastewater, the liquid-solid ratio, reaction temperature, pH changed was studied, then the adsorption isothermal was studied too. The result showed that when the time of adsorption equilibrium was 2 h; the liquid-solid ratio was 60 mL/g; pH was 6, the adsorption rate that the organic matter in the municipal wastewater was adsorpted by sodium carbonate-activated coal-series kaoline could arrive the highest, and heat was bad for the adsorption reaction. The reaction accorded to Langmuir equation, and the adsorption reaction was main chemisty.",1
"Based on the status of caking coal resources and domestic coking industry, their confliction is discussed in the paper. The different measures of enlarging coking coal resources and coke quality enhancement such as heightening the chamber of coke oven, stamping charged coke-making, coal moisture controlling, coke-making with briquetted coal, coke dry cooling and the disposal of waste plastic and waste tire with coke oven, as well as their effects on coke quality improvement are all summarized in the article. The prospect of trend of coking industry is also given in the end of the paper.",1
"In order to get the relationship between character of micromolecular thiophenes organosulfurs and coal properties, benzothiophene and dibenzothiophene were investigated as target compounds, and thiophenes organosulfurs were extracted from the raw coal by Gerhardt Soxtherm and analyzed by GC-MS. The relationship between thiophenes organosulfurs extracted and coal property were discussed. The results showed that the amount of dibenzothiophene was higher than benzothiophene which extracted from same raw coal; the amount of thiophenes organosulfurs extracted from the raw coal decreased with the increase of carbon content and in coal. And the amount of thiophenes organosulfurs extracted increased with the increase of both volatile yields and the O/C ratio. But the total sulfur content in the coal has no immediate with the amount of thiophenes organosulfurs.",1
The home-made quartz spring thermal balance (ZL 00247922.2) was used to investigate the CO2 gasification characteristics of three Huainan coal. It was shown that gasification active relationship of three Huainan coals in CO2 is LZ coal＜LY coal＜PY coal. It is suggested that the process of part gasification shift to combustion at the shift point of certain gasification conversion is a better choice to make complete carbon conversion while reducing the commercial gasifier volume.,1
"Eulerian-Eulerian two-fluid model was used to simulate the gas-solid flow behaviors in certain chemical fertilizer company’s running ash-agglomerating fluidized bed gasifier .The range and proper matching relations between fluidized and spouting gas velocity were showed from the simulating results.It shows fluidized gas velocity can neither be too small, which may lead to dead districts around the gas distributor, nor too big because the designing and operating characteristics of ICC will be lost. With the increasing of spouting gas velocity, the mixing churning is enhanced under a certain fluidizing gas velocity.However, spouting gas velocity which exceeds some value results in the flow structure of slugging and is not conducive to the operating of ICC efficiently and safely.",1
"Based on the application of chemical process simulation software, initial to predict water coal slurry gasified exported synthesis gas composition and temperature, the results are consistent with the literature.Through the simulated data to analyze how the main operating parameters of the gasifies effect the gasification，the basis for the actual operation was provided.",1
"A kind of composite catalyst of direct coal liquefaction has been prepared as the catalyst of Shendong coal. The affect of particle size of the catalyst on direct liquefaction has been carried out. Conversion and oil yield increased with the decreasing of the diameter of the composite catalyst, meanwhile the intermediate asphaltenes and preasphaltenes remain unchanged, and the gas yield and hydrogen consumption decreased. After the catalysts are grinded into less than 74 μm, the yields of the composite catalyst are superior to those of “863” catalyst. The products get much lighter, and the conversion increases, which show the high hydrogenation of the nickel in the composite catalyst.",0
"In this paper,the solubility of hydrogen in naphthalene was measured by using vapor-liquid phase equilibrium sampling method. The reaction mechanism of hydrogen for direct coal liquefaction was investigated by liquefaction of Yanzhou coal using a 17 mL tubular resonance agitation microautoclave reactor. The results show:1) that hydrogen solubility in naphthalene increases with the increase of temperature and hydrogen partial pressure, and the solution rate overall appears first quick back slow trend. Hydrogen solubility within 5 min has reached 76.21% of the maximum under certain temperature and hydrogen partial pressure, then it continues to increase slowly and achieves the maximum for 30 min；2) that the control step of coal liquefaction without catalyst in naphthalene is not the solution rate of hydrogen but the reaction rate of dissolved hydrogen participating in liquefaction; 3) that hydrogen pre-solution in naphthalene increases the total conversion of shorter coal liquefaction without catalyst, which is because partial dissolved hydrogen was activated in pre-solution process, resulting in the increase of active hydrogen in the initial stage of liquefaction reaction；4) that hydrogen pre-solution in naphthalene has a little contribution for the total conversion of longer coal liquefaction without catalyst, but it promotes the further hydrocracking and upgrading of liquefaction products.",0
"In this experiment the model of double balls gradation, three balls gradation and four balls gradation be used. The effects of slurry ability on factors of ball milling ratio, ball milling time, pretreatment temperature, rotation speed, cylinder size and types of additives be investigated. The dry coal particle gradation and water coal particle gradation method be operated. The viscosity and size distribution are analyzed by using DV-1+PRO digital viscosity indicator and Rise-2008 laser particle size analyzer respectively. Additionally, the stability of slurry be testified. The results show that the concentration of coal water slurry is up to 68% during the processing condition of raw materials size is smaller than 1 mm, ball milling ratio is 6∶1, rotation speed is 72 r/min. At the same time ,mixing with No.10# additive can get stable coal water slurry.",1
"Because of high valence metal ions contained in coal would reduce the perfor-mance of coal water slurry, sodium tripolyphosphate was selectd as a kind of adjustment agent to remix with different anionic dispersants to enhance the dispersing and viscosity-reducing ability. Through the experiment of adsorption mensuration，Zetapotential and the adsorption layer thickness of dispersant on the coal surface, it reveals the synergistic interaction mechanism of sodium tripolyphosphate with three different molecular structure dispersant SAF, GCL3S and FDN. The results show that sodium tripolyphosphate can help SAF increase electrostatic repulsion and steric repulsion between coal particles,which result in an increase of Zeta-potential and adsorptive layer thickness, to enhance its dispersing and viscosity-reducing ability, but mainly help GCL3S increase the electrostatic repulsion and help FDN increase the steric repulsion.",1
"In this paper, black liquor and lignite are prepared into water-coal-slurry（CWS）, and discuss the factors affecting CWS forming properties, including the highest slurry concentration, rheological property, stability and different kinds and amouts of additive agents. The experimental study on slurry showed that lignite and black liquor can be made into CWS, which has good performance. All of the CWS prepared have a good rheological property and stability. The slurry which dilution multiple of the black liquor is 5 have the best comprehensive performance. It can reduce the viscosity of CWS substantially when adding dispersant and stabilizing agent.",1
"There are big differences between imported coal and local coal. This paper showed the coal was imported from several Australian mines in a steel works, according to commonly domestic industrial index and petrology indexes of coking coal, the coking coal from Australian should belong to high quality coal, when it was blended simply replaced highquality local coal, the coke strength wasn't ideal. Through expansion degrees, fluidity and coke microstructure analysis, it was found  there are many differences between the imported coal and the blending coal.They must be optimized so as the coke quality was stable.",1
"To fundamentally understand the relationship between the bulk density of coking coal and the caking property will be of great help to develop new stamp coking technology. This paper investigated the evolutionary change of the caking property indices of 1/3 coking coal from Fangezhuang under the different conditions including bulk density, max thickness, final contraction value and volume curve of the gel layer and so on. Experimental results exhibited that when the bulk density was improved from 0.8 t/m3 to 1.1 t/m3, the caking properties were enhanced obviously with max thickness increment by 44.1% from 17.7 mm to 24.5 mm and the final contraction value reduced by 131% from 25.2 mm to -7.9 mm. The volume change of coal sample displayed characteristics featuring positive expansion. The microscopic coking properties can be improved greatly by increasing the bulk density of coking coal. The volume curve of gel layer varied from a single zigzag type to e type or a mixture of e type and zigzag type. The macroscopic coking properties of the 1/3 coking coal were approaching to that of fat coal when the bulk density of the test coal sample was improving.",1
"According to the methods for determining the minimum ignition temperature by dusts, an experimental system was designed independently to test the ignition temperature of hydrogen-carbon monoxide-methane-carbon dioxide mixtures. Ignition characteristics of hydrogen-carbon monoxide-methane-carbon dioxide mixtures were studied at atmospheric temperature and pressure on the system. Ignition temperatures were obtained respectively at different mixing rations and primary air ratios. The results show that the ignition temperature for gas decreases with the hydrogen contents increasing, but increases with the methane adding. Especially, the effects of carbon monoxide increase on the ignition temperature of gas are indeterminable. Ignition temperature keeps invariable, and is unrelated to primary air ratios when the thermal conditions of the system are fixed. Hydrogen, carbon monoxide and methane’s ignition temperatures are separately 563 ℃, 667 ℃ and 790 ℃ by experiments.",1
"Coal gangue is the largest emissions of solid waste in our country, which is rich in iron oxide. In order to abstract the iron oxide from coal gangue efficiently, from the perspective of chemical kinetics, the research on kinetics of sulfuric acid leaching Fe2O3 out of coal gangue was carried out. The result shows that this reaction kinetics coincident with the unreacted shrinking-core model, the kinetic equation is 1-（1-XB）2/3=kt, the reaction frequency exponent is 13 240,the reaction energy is 5.8×104 J/mol,and the diffusion rate of the fluid liquid membrane control the process rate.",1
"The impact addition coal ash on the calorific value of low ash and high volatile coal was studied. The influence of the amount and the sulphur content of coal ash on calorific value of coal was investigated. And the results showed that the problem of splashing of low ash and high volatile coal during calorific value test was effectively solved by addition coal ash. And there was a little effect of calorific value with sulphur content in coal ash. The quantity of coal ash was confirmed 0.1 g/g coal, while the calorific value of coal can ensure the accuracy and reliability.",1
"Activated carbon from petroleum coke by KOH activation was oxidized by concentrated sulfuric acid at 170 ℃ for 3 h, followed by heat treatment under protection of nitrogen at 450 and 750 ℃ for 3 h. The as-activated carbon, oxidized activated carbon and heat-treated carbon with different oxygen contents were characterized by nitrogen adsorption and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, and their adsorptive capacities for CO2 at 25 ℃ to 175 ℃ and 10 mbar to 15 000 mbar were investigated. It was found that their BET surface areas and pore size distributions were similar while their surface oxygen contents were different depending on the oxidation and heat treatment conditions. The adsorptive capacities for CO2 in the experimental conditions can be well fitted by Langmuir equation. The monolayer capacity and sticking coefficient decreased with adsorption temperature and the heat of adsorption changed little with the oxidation or heat treatment. The monolayer capacity decreased and sticking coefficient increased with O/C atom ratios. Suitable activated carbon should have a moderate O/C ratio for a better adsorption for CO2.",1
"Three samples made from different matrix carbon, after forming, carbonized and dipping process were chosen to study the microscopic structures and thermal conductivity of the block C/C composites before and after graphitization. They were separately measured by such means as SEM, XRD and thermal conductivity measurement. The results show that the apparent densities of the carbonized samples are 1.61 g/cm3-1.70 g/cm3 and the thermal conductivities are relatively low. The microstructure of the sample made by D 8 μm single cabon fiber weaving in two dimensions is in order and its anisotropic index of the heat conduction is about 4.7. But the thermal conductivity of samples produced by non-woven fiber bundle molded under pressure technology and graphite powder molded under pressure technology behave the isotropic characteristics in two dimensional direction. After 2 700 ℃ graphitization, the apparent densities of the samples are 1.61 g/cm3-1.69 g/cm3, having no significant changes.The thermal conductivities increase significantly，the maximum growth is 15 times than before, and the anisotropic index of the heat conduction in the single cabon fiber weaving sample enlarges to 6.3. The thermal conductivity of the sample made by non-woven fiber bundle molded under pressure technology remains isotropic, which is the highest, with 222.27 W/（m·K） in radial and 243.40 W/（m·K） axial respectively. In addition, from the room temperature to 300 ℃,the thermal conductivities of C/C composites decline gradually with the raise of the temperature.",1
"The regeneration of a spent actived carbon impregnated with Fe was investigated using thermal regeneration and thermal oxidation regeneration methods. At four kinds of temperatures(350 ℃,400 ℃,450 ℃ and 500 ℃),We chose four kinds of gases(N2,N2+H2O,N2+O2 and N2+H2) to study the regeneration of desulfurizer.The investigation results show that thermal oxidation regeneration by N2+H2O and N2+O2 is better than thermal regeneration by N2 and N2+H2, particularly, at relatively high temperatures (450 ℃ and 500 ℃, which are higher than the boiling point of sulphur).After there regeneration by N2+H2O and N2+O2 at 450 ℃ and 500 ℃，desulfurizer also showed good performance.",1
"Ce promoted Fe-Mn metal oxides nanosized particles have been prepared by co-precipitation approach. The products were characterized by powder X-ray diffraction (XRD), temperature programmed reduction (TPR) and BET study. It was found that the samller crystal size of iorn-manganese oxide can be achieved through CeO2 doping. And samples prepared with Ce pormoted show higher surface areas at calcinations temperature. At the reaction temperature range of 200 ℃400 ℃, the Ce promoted samples exhibited much better activities for SCR. But at high temperatures, the Ce promoted catalysts showed lower activities for SCR of nitric oxide with ammonia.",1
"To enhance the economic effectiveness of the crude benzene recovered from oil shale raw coke oven gas, this paper study the separation sequences for the crude benzene, simulate the process of conventional sequences and thermally coupled distillation sequences and calculate energy consumption and thermally efficiency of these separation sequences. The result shows that thermally coupled distillation sequences is the most effective energy-saving separation sequence to separate the crude benzene mixture in which light component is the major fraction. Compared with the direct sequence of conventional distillation, the result of energy consumption analysis indicates that thermally coupled distillation sequence could save energy up to 35% and its thermodynamic efficiency is enhanced from 7.4% to 11.6%.",1
"The work resorted CO2 replace strong acid as latent acidifier and highly selective separation method of acetic acid purifying, took residue of oil shale as raw material investigate preparation of high quality silica on the conditions of low corrosion and energy consumption, discover technological conditions influences on particle size of product. Obtained silica researched by means of XRF, IR, XRD and SEM, optimum technological conditions of preparation silica from NaSiO3 solution leached from residue of oil shale determined by homogeneous chemical precipitation method and the results as following, the reaction temperature is 50 ℃, the concentration of sodium silicate 0.027 g/L, CO2 flow rate is 20 mL/min, the dose of surfactant is 0.007 g/mL of volume of total system.The particle size of silica obtained on the optimum technological conditions get minimum value of 20 nm-30 nm and purity is 98.4% after acetic acid purifying.",1
"The pyrolysis and kinetic characteristics of two kinds of biomass left during forestry processing (pine,sinocalamus affinis mcclure) were studied with non-isothermal thermogravimetric analysis method. Effects of CO2 concentration and heating rate on pyrolysis characteristics were investigated. Kinetic parameters were analyzed with two different reaction models. The results indicate that with the increase of CO2 concentration, the changes of weight loss ratio were small in the low temperature zone, but the weight loss ratio and maximum weight loss rate increased in the high temperature zone. An increase of the heating rate also tended to slightly delay pyrolysis processes towards higher temperatures. It was found that nth order reaction model was better to solve the kinetic parameters in the low temperature zone. However, contracting volume reaction model was better in the high temperature zone.",0
"Simulation of syngas production from biomass gasification with Fe2O3 is carried out with Aspen Plus software, the effects of gasification temperature, operation pressures, and the presence of oxygen carrier on the distribution of the gas components are investigated. The results show that, H2 and CO are the primary products in the syngas of biomass chemical looping gasification. The increase of gasification temperature is beneficial to gasification process but the increase of react pressure is of no advantage for gasification process, and the optimal gasification temperature is between 800 ℃ and 850 ℃. The existence of oxygen carrier can improve the yield of syngas.",1
,1
"According to the swelling measurement principle, combined with a linear variable differential transformer (LVDT) deformation transducer, an apparatus for measuring coal swelling in solvent at elevated temperature and pressure was made. Changes of swelling ratio of the different particle size B3 coal in N2 atmosphere in Shenhua recycle oil were measured. The effect of initial pressure, atmosphere, and coal rank was investigated, and non-isothermal swelling kinetic equation was used to fit the swelling data. The results show that the changes of swelling ratio of B3 increase with temperature increasing, achieve the maximum at 300 ℃ and decrease because of the coal cracking. The higher initial pressure and H2 atmosphere are helpful to coal swelling in solvent. The swelling ratios of the coals in tetralin are relatively higher than that in recycle oil. The non-isothermal swelling kinetics analysis show that the coal swelling in the solvent follows a simple series reaction mechanism and the activation energy is between 20 kJ/mol and 60 kJ/mol.",1
"The effects of particle size on gas yields and gaseous compound contents were investigated by Inner Mongolia lignite pyrolysis tests performed in fixed-bed reactor. The structural characteristics of chars were determined by methods of XRD and physical adsorption. Reactivities of chars of different particle sizes with steam were studied by a thermogravimetric analyzer. The results show that the pyrolysis gas yield decreases as the particle size increases. For gaseous compound contents, the content of CO2 increases with particle size, but contents of CO, H2, CH4 show opposite trends. The degree of graphitization and the specific surface area of the char with relatively large particle size are relatively low, due to the incomplete devolatilization of the char. In addition, the reactivity of char gasification with steam decreases as the particle size increases.",0
"The weight loss data of temperature programmed pyrolysis of Zhundong raw coal at three heating rates were investigated and the kinetic parameters were calculated by using distributed activation energy model (DAEM) method. The applicability of this method in global kinetics research of coal pyrolysis was analyzed. The main conclusions are as follows: due to the effect of heating rate on pyrolysis process as well as the change of reaction mechanism, the applicability of DAEM method to the weight loss data of secondary degassing stage of coal pyrolysis is weak; inclusion or exclusion of the weight loss in the dehydration and degassing stage or the secondary degassing stage, has different effects on the activation energy values corresponding to various degrees of conversion, but little effect on the activation energy distribution function; the relationship between frequency factor and activation energy presents obvious kinetic compensation effect in the almost entire pyrolysis process, and the expression form of this effect only depends on coal type and is not associated with the selected range of temperature for calculation.",0
"The pyrolytic reaction of YFC, straw and their mixture, and the effect of temperature and mixing ratio on the oil yield and quality were investigated on a self-built kilogram class fluidized bed. The results show that the corresponding highest oil yield is 19.18% with reaction pressure 0.1 MPa, conveying gas 15 L/mim, flow gas 25 L/min, the feeding speed 1.5 kg/h, mixing ratio 0.7∶0.3 (mass ratio), temperature 600 ℃, reaction atmosphere N2, and synergistic effect has a maximum value 35.87%. Then the corresponding sulfur content (mass fraction) reduces to 0.31% from 0.60%, and phenolic compounds are mainly concentrated in phenol (16.82%), p-cresol (21.92%), catechol (16.56%) and other 11 kinds of phenolic compounds for extraction using.",0
"Inner Mongolia lignite was treated at different temperatures in an autoclave. The effect of hydrothermal treatment on free radical in lignite tar was investigated by EPR (electron paramagnetic resonance) spectrometer. The results show that the content of free radical in tar decreases obviously after hydrothermal treatment and reach minimum at 260 ℃ (decrease 66.67%). With the increase of hydrothermal treatment temperature, the g factor value of EPR spectra of tar is decreased and the linewidth of that is increased. However, the linewidth of EPR spectra of treated lignite tar at 300 ℃ is lower than that of raw coal tar. Combined with gas chromatography and mass spectrometry (GC-MS) for the determination of tar components, it shows that the relative content (mass fraction) of phenols decreases while monocyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in tar increase from 15.10% to 18.24%, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in tar increase from 12.79% to 13.95%. Moreover, the free radical in tar was analyzed by EPR continuously within a certain time (40 d). The results show that the content of free radical in tar after hydrothermal treatment increases more slowly and reaches stably earlier than that in the raw tar in the preservation process.",0
"The pilot plant test of hydrogenation of Shenmu middle and low temperature coal tar was performed in 3×500 mL fixed bed reactors under hydrogen pressure of 10 MPa, and the effects of reaction conditions on the yields and properties of products were investigated. The optimized product distribution is obtained at the total liquid hourly space velocity (LHSV) of 0.2/h, H2 and oil volume ratio of 1 500∶1 and the average reaction temperature of pre-hydrogenation, hydrofining and hydrocracking catalyst is 280 ℃, 380 ℃ and 400 ℃. Compared to the pilot-plant tests, the same reaction conditions are used to obtain the maximum technical economic profit. The degree of influence on raw material and product prices for technical economy follow in the order of product price>coal tar price>hydrogen price. Base on the current prices, the process of whole fraction coal tar hydrogenation at medium pressure would be profitable, when the prices of the raw materials and products are further increased by 35%.",0
"W/O type Fe2+ and S2- precursor emulsion were prepared with wash oil/Span80-Tween80/water, double-emulsion was mixed to prepare iron based pseudohomogeneous catalysts by vulcanization, and the emulsion stability factor, the mechanism of catalyst prepared by emulsion method, catalyst stability and the performance of Xigou coal liquefaction were investigated. The results show that the stable emulsion preparation conditions is m(oil)∶m(water)=9∶1 in Fe2+ and S2- emulsion system with the suitable dosage (mass fraction) of emulsifiers, which are 15.61% and 18.36% respectively, HLB values are 7.3 and 6.7 respectively; stirring rate is 6 000 r/min; emulsion mixing time is 15 min, and emulsion temperature is 20 ℃-30 ℃. In the pseudohomogeneous catalysts emulsion system, the sedimentation rate of catalysts granule is 5.24×10-7 cm/h, calculated by Stokes equation. TEM results exhibit that the average particle size is about 100 nm and the morphology of catalyst particles is similar to spherical particles. When Xigou coal is applied as objects to direct coal liquefaction experiments, in the pseudohomogeneous catalytic system, the oil yield is 4.04% higher than that by commercial Fe2O3 catalyst.",1
"The catalytic hydrogenation experiments of the heavy coal derived fraction (＞320 ℃) were carried out under different conditions. The influence of temperatures, pressures and liquid space velocities were investigated in 30 mL hydrogenation reaction device and the properties of hydrogenated products were examined. It is found that the rate of desulfurization and denitrification of the heavy fraction is positively related to temperature and pressure in the hydrogenation, and negatively related to the liquid space velocity. The results also show that the content of monocylic aromatics and binuclear aromatics in hydrogenation products increase and the content of polycyclic aromatics decrease with the elevated temperature and pressure and with decented liquid space velocity. The hydrogen donation ability of hydrogenation products increase with the proton donor quality index increasing. The hydrogenation products characteristics show that temperature 380 ℃, pressure 19 MPa, liquid space velocity 0.8/h are optimized hydrogenation conditions in which products show the best hydrogen donation ability for coal liquefacion.",1
"In this study, two types of activated carbon have been used to investigate their capacity to adsorb and desorb p-xylene. The experimental results showed that the saturated adsorption capacity of activated carbon for aromatic hydrocarbon molecules increased as the specific surface area increased with a specific pore volume of 1 nm-2 nm, but it decreased as the adsorption temperature increased. A relatively high adsorption value was obtained at 30 ℃. In addition, the adsorption of p-xylene is 1.1 times as much as the adsorption of naphthalene on two types of activated carbons. This study indicates that it is a feasible manner to appraise the naphthalene adsorption of the developed activated carbon by analysis of its adsorption of p-xylene.",1
"The influence of Al2O3 on Shendong coal ash fusion temperature was investigated by adding various amounts of Al2O3. The impact mechanism of Al2O3 on Shendong coal ash fusion characteristics was explored using quench experiments, XRD, TG-DSC and thermodynamic software FactSage. The results show that with the increase of addition amount of Al2O3, the ash fusion temperature (AFT) rises gentle first and then zooms up. Through XRD and thermal analysis software FactSage, it is found that Al2O3 reacts with SiO2 derived from the original coal ash composition (in the form of quartz ) to form mullite (3Al2O3O2SiO2) in ash fusion process, which resulting in the sharp rise of coal ash fusion temperature with a higher added amount of Al2O3.",1
"Point at NO and reduction gases generated from lignite combustion, the TG-FTIR was used to study the change of the combustion characteristic, NO generation and the reducing gas with the addition of tailings. The results show that the addition of tailings has no effect on the temperatures of water generation and the volatile combustion, but the initial combustion temperature of coke is reduced, so the phase of coke combustion has been promoted. The reduction gases generated from lignite combustion are CH4, NH3, CO and —CH2. The reaction between NO and reduction gases has been catalysed with tailings. At the low temperature, the main reaction is between NH3 and NO. The catalyst of tailings has selectivity, the catalyst effect on the reaction between CO and NO is not obvious compared with other reducing gases.",1
"The pyrolysis of lignite residue after humic acid extraction in Zhaotong region of Yunnan Province was carried out, and the pyrolysis characteristics were analyzed through the pyrolytic gas yield, tar yield and semi-char yield. The effects of temperature, heating rate and pyrolysis atmosphere on residue pyrolysis were explored, the major components and content of pyrolysis gas were obtained by gas chromatography, and the composition of tar was revealed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. The results show that the temperature is the most important factor to affect residue pyrolysis, the higher of temperature, the greater yield of pyrolysis gas and tar, the more H2 and CO contained in pyrolysis gas, the more aliphatic compounds included in tar, and the number of aromatic ring in aromatic compounds will be increased accordingly; the lower of heating rate, the greater yield of gas and tar; pyrolysis atmosphere has prominent influence on product distribution, the content of major components of pyrolysis gas and tar is affected by different pyrolysis atmospheres.",0
"An experiment of hydrogen production through anaerobic fermentation was carried out under the condition of pH 6.5 lasting for 10 days, with temperature controlled at 30 ℃ in a 5 L anaerobic fermentation tank. The pH value, VFA molar concentration and COD value of the liquid phase during the experiment process were real-time monitored; meanwhile, cellulase activity and hydrogenase activity were monitored. The results show that the maximum volume fraction of hydrogen can reach 52.3% and the final production of hydrogen is 13.7 mL/g; pH value keeps dropping until it reaches the minimum value 5.46; VFA molar concentration basically tends to increase corresponding to the change of pH value, it belongs to butyric acid-type fermentation; COD value increases first then decreases, with maximum value 4 368 mg/L and the final COD degradation rate is 51.10%; the highest value 0.016 9 mg/(mL·h) appears in the fourth day for the active reaction of cellulase while the highest value 0.568 mmolH2/(min·mg) for the hydrogenase activity appears in the sixth day.",1
"A rapid self-heating of lignite during low temperature oxidation and spontaneous combustion was monitored by programmable changing oven temperature. Changes of chemical structure of the coal during self-heating was investigated by FTIR analysis. Temperature of the coal in air increased monotonically, successively exceeding the separation point temperature (tsp), the crossing point temperature (tcp) and combustion temperatures (tc1, tc2). The decrease of methyl and methylene and increase of n(—CH3)∶n(—CH2—) during self-heating of lignite indicate that the more methylene is attacked by oxygen during oxidation. Ar—O—CO—R and R—O—CO—R increase progressively, and decrease after tc1 in response to hydrolysis of the esters. The increasing Ar—CO—Ar during self-heating decomposes to generate gaseous oxidation products above tcp. Aromatic CC insignificantly changes up to tc1, and decreases thereafter. After coal temperature reaches to tsp, Ar—COOH increases gradually, and then decreases above tc1 because of the decarboxylation, dehydration and esterification. Ar—COO— increases gradually during self-heating, but decreases above tc1 because very high oxidation temperature enhances the decomposition of the group.",1
"The respective percentage of five subintervals of vitrinite random reflectance was defined as R1, R2, R3, R4 and R5 indicators. 35 groups of 5 kg test coke oven stamping coking experiments were carried out, with the five indicators as experimental variables and on the condition of meeting the blended coal quality requirements in tamping coking process. The results show that there is strong linear correlation between the five indicators and content of the dry ash-free volatile matter w(Vdaf), the mean maximum reflectance of vitrinite (Rmax), the caking index (G) and the maximum thickness of plastic layer (Y). The correlation coefficient is 0.933, 0.976, 0.858 and 0.564, respectively. And there is high prediction accuracy by using R1, R2, R3, R4 and R5 to predict the coke reactivity index. Moreover, the coke reactivity index improves obviously for the increasing of the content of R1, and reduces for the increasing of the content of R3 and R4. Meanwhile, the degree of impact of R1, R2, R3, R4, R5 on the coke reactivity index is R1>R3=R4>R5>R2. Therefore, the thermal strength of coke can be effectively improved by adjusting the respective content of R1, R2, R3, R4 and R5 to 25%-35%, 20%-30%, 10%-20%, 15%-25% and 5%-15%.",1
"Zhundong coal is a typical high-sodium coal, which makes slag on cold water wall, high temperature corrosion in heated wall,pollution and dust contamination in flue pipe prone to take place when coal is burning in power plant. The characteristic of Zhundong coal was analyzed, cation exchange resin method was used to wash coal. The exchange function of resin made the displacement reaction occur between the cation in exchange group and sodion in Zhundong coal, so that the sodium in coal could be removed. The effect of temperature and time on the desulphurization efficiency of Zhundong coal was studied. The results show that the removal effect in condition of 4 h, 60 ℃ is optimum, sodium removal rate reaches to 90% and the soften temperature (ts) increase by 124 ℃, and the coal characteristics are improved.",1
"The inorganic sulfur and organic sulfur in coke were investigated and a method for determination of sulfur forms was established using X-ray diffraction, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy analysis methods.With this method, effects of Ca-based additives on the distribution rule of sulfur forms in coke was researched during high sulfur coal pyrolysis. The results indicate that the distribution rule of sulfur forms in coke is changed by Ca-based additives. The proportion of inorganic sulfur content is improved through sulfur retention ability (inorganic sulfur mainly exists in form of CaS) and the proportion of organic sulfur content reduces by promoting the decomposition of organic sulfur in coke.",1
"In order to improve the yield and quality of coal tar, the effects of atmosphere and Ni/Al2O3 catalyst on coal pyrolysis characters were investigated in a fluidized bed in H2, CH4, N2 and mixed atmosphere. The results show that H2 can reduce semicoke yield and increase tar yield; CH4 can increase semicoke yield at 800 ℃. Due to the decomposition of methane, compared with N2 atmosphere, CH4 can increase tar yield by 35.8%. In CH4+H2 atmosphere, semicoke and tar yield have the same trend with H2 atmosphere. Reducing atmosphere is beneficial to improving the quality of the tar. In H2, CH4+N2, CH4+H2 atmosphere, light tar ratio increases by 29.1%, 15.2%, 24%, respectively. The Ni/Al2O3 catalyst placed before the reaction segment can improve semicoke and tar yield to different degrees. At 600 ℃, compared with coal pyrolysis in CH4+N2 atmosphere without catalyst, adding Ni/Al2O3 into CH4+N2 atmosphere increases tar yield by 40%. In CH4+H2 atmosphere, the Ni/Al2O3 has better catalytic effect on CH4 at 800 ℃, and CH4 in the pyrolysis gas decreased significantly, meantime tar yield increases by 37% compared that of without catalyst. Ni/Al2O3 can further improve the quality of the tar and is beneficial to the formation of aromatic compounds.",0
"Low-temperature co-pyrolysis of lignite and sugarcane bagasse(SB) was undertaken in a homemade carbonization apparatus to study the effect of different SB ratio on pyrolysis characteristics in lignite. The results show that with the increase of SB blending ratio, the pyrolysis tar yield shows a trend of decrease after the first increase, and the peak value is 16.7% when the blending ratio of SB is 20% (mass fraction, the same below), which is 13.7% higher than that of lignite pyrolysis alone, and shows the maximum positive deviation of 0.57% to the calculated value of tar yield. The date analysis of lignite, SB and the blend was studied by caloricity analyzer. Results show that co-pyrolysis is conducive to the centralization of energy in lignite and bagasse, and the heat value of co-pyrolysis semicoke is higher than that of lignite pyrplysis alone. FTIR indicates that the addition of SB can promote the decomposition and fracture of —OH and —CH3 functional groups in lignite, and carboxyl functional groups in SB can be transferred to the tar in the form of other oxygen-containing functional groups, which is conducive to the conversion of heavy components in tar to the light ones. Thermogravimetric analysis shows that the pyrolysis process is divided into three stages and the presence of SB has a significant effect on the stage of rapid pyrolysis, the maximum weight loss rate of lignite increases by 8.96% and the pyrolysis temperature corresponding to the maximum loss rate decreases by 98.8 ℃. The addition of SB facilitates the pyrolysis reaction to a certain extent.",0
"NOx emission characteristics of different kinds of coal (lignite, bituminous coal, lean coal and anthracite) / biomass (rice husks) blends combustion were studied using drop tube furnace. The effects of atmosphere, blending ratio of biomass, oxygen volume fraction on NOx emission characteristics were investigated in details. Experimental results show that: NOx emissions present a trend of firstly increasing and then decreasing for different coal/biomass blends along the furnace height. NOx emission of bituminite/rice husk co-combustion is the highest in the atmosphere of 20%O2/80%N2. NOx emission in O2/CO2 atmosphere is lower than that in O2/N2 atmosphere in the condition of 20% oxygen volume fraction; with increasing of the blending ratio of biomass, NOx emission gradually decreases, and that decreases most significantly for the lignite and biomass co-combustion, which decreases from 130.029 mg/m3 to 49.674 mg/m3 in the atmosphere of 20%O2/70%CO2; with the oxygen volume fraction increases, NOx emission increases. When the oxygen volume fraction increases from 20% to 30% in O2/CO2 atmosphere, the increase of NOx emisson of bituminous coal reduces, however the increase of NOx emission of rice husk/bituminite co-firing improves.",1
"Coal-oil co-hydroprocessing pretreatment experiment proceeded by using lab’s self-made iron-based catalyst to figure out the coal liquefaction rate. Analysis of liquid products, especially on its proceeding elemental and distillation range distribution was made. Industrial four component analysis of solid products was also made and the effect of ultrasonic pretreatment on coal-oil co-hydroprocessing was obtained. The results show that the structure of co-processing raw materials has changed through ultrasonic pretreatment. Liquefaction rate of Anhui coal has improved by 9.85% and 12.42% after processing oil slurry by ultrasonic and compounding oil-coal slurry with oil slurry respectively. Similarly, to the coal tar after ultrasonic treatment and oil-coal slurry compounded by oil-coal slurry, by using same sample,liquefaction rate has improved by 7.99% and 18.65% respectively. Obviously, ash content and volatile matter in solid product have decreased, and fixed carbon has improved after processing, while the distillation range distribution of liquid products has been basically stable. The coal liquefaction rate has improved and the quality of co-processing products remains unchanged.",0
"Activated carbons were prepared with coal liquefaction asphaltene as carbon source. After the optimization of the synthesis process, activated carbons with specific surface area more than 3 000 m2/g was successfully obtained. The physical and chemical characteristics of activated carbons from coal liquefaction asphaltene (ACCLA) were also investigated with X-ray diffraction (XRD), scanning electron microscope (SEM) and nitrogen adsorption-desorption methods. The adsorption of H2, CH4 and CO2 on these activated carbons were also tested, the relationship between the texture properties and adsorption capacity was discussed. The as-prepared samples show excellent performance and good application prospects in gas adsorption. It is found that the maximum adsorption of H2, CH4 and CO2 is 24.85 mmol/g (77 K, 400 kPa), 4.62 mmol/g (298 K, 400 kPa) and 3.57 mmol/g (298 K, 100 kPa), respectively. The relationship between the texture properties and adsorption was also discussed. Under test conditions, it is found that the adsorption of H2 is greatly influenced by the specific surface area of the material, and the pore size has a more significant effect on the adsorption of CH4 and CO2.",1
"Based on exergy analysis method, for an actual process of coal to SNG with an annual scale of 1.4×109 m3, the distribution of exergy loss in each unit and in the whole process were investigated. The results show that general exergy efficiency of gasification unit is the lowest, 84.75%, and that of rectisol unit is the highest, 98.90%. The prime exergy loss occurrs in gasification unit, reaching to 77.78% of total exergy loss. The exergy losses in shift unit, rectisol unit and methanation unit are 5.49%, 4.04% and 12.68% of total exergy loss, respectively. In gasification unit, increasing byproduct steam pressure could not impact exergy efficiency effectively, it is more important to optimize the operating condition of gasifier and scrubber cooler. In methanation unit, higher byproduct steam pressure could improve exergy efficiency obviously and increase steam yield.",1
"The denitrification performance experiments, oxidation experiments and desorption experiments have been carried out over MnOx/Al2O3 and MnOx-CeO2/γ-Al2O3 prepared by sol-gel process in a fixed bed reactor. The results show that MnOx/γ-Al2O3 catalysts reach highest NO removal efficiency at 300 ℃, after adding CeO2 into the catalyst, the optimum temperature reduces to 250 ℃. The addition of CeO2 improves the activation ability of the catalysts at low temperature, but can cause excessive oxidation of NH3 which generates by-products like N2O when the temperature is higher than 300 ℃. The increase of the MnOx content can raise adsorption quantities of NH3 over the catalysts, and can also promate NO adsorbtion on different active sites, therefore the catalysts have high NO removal efficiency in wider temperature range.",1
"The degradation matching experiments of Shanxi Linfen lignite with six kinds of bacteria had been investigated, showing that Pseudomonas putida is the most effective degrading bacterium. Based on single factor experiments, the degrading process conditions of Pseudomonas putida and Linfen lignite were optimized by orthogonal experiments. The results show that the effect-weight order of the factors for degrading rate is coal particle size > coal slurry mass concentration > incubation time > inoculum size, the best degrading technological conditions are coal particle size <75 μm, coal slurry mass concentration of 0.200 0 g/10 mL, incubation time of 14 d, inoculum size of 1.0 mL/10 mL. Under this technological conditions, the conversion rate reaches 46.81%. The coal residue and degrading product were tested, the infrared analysis shows that the absorption of coal residue at the wavenumber of oxidized coal has been disappeared or weakened, which further indicates that organic macromolecular in coal has been degraded by Pseudomonas putida into micromolecule containing in the black oily filtrate derived from the degradation. The total ion chromatogram of fractional extraction product of degradation filtrate demonstrates that it contains abundant small molecule organics, which mostly include aliphatic hydrocarbons, esters, carboxylic acids and aromatic compounds.",1
"Adsorption quantity of CH4 and N2 on T-CMS and 13X zeolite at 298.15 K, 313.15 K and 328.15 K were measured respectively, Langmuir model was used to fit the experimental data, and the change of fitting parameters, saturated adsorption capacity qm and adsorption equilibrium constant b, were analyzed. The results show that the qm of CH4 on T-CMS slightly decreases as the temperatures rise, but the variation is small; the qm of N2 on T-CMS increases; and the qm of CH4 and N2 on 13X zeolite decreases. However, the adsorption equilibrium constant b increases with the rising of temperature. Separation coefficients of CH4 and N2 on T-CMS are larger than that on 13X zeolite, and both decrease with the increase of temperature. The analysis of adsorption thermodynamics shows that the average adsorption isosteric heat of CH4 and N2 on T-CMS are 27.30 kJ/mol and 22.43 kJ/mol respectively, but that on 13X zeolite are 12.96 kJ/mol and 10.41 kJ/mol respectively. The studied adsorbents have stronger adsorption effect on CH4 than that on N2, which both belong to physical adsorption.",1
"The coal samples with different deformed degrees, collected from Huoerxinhe coalmine in Qinshui coal basin were treated by the different acids, including hydrochloric acid (HCl), acetic acid (HAc) and hydrofluoric acid (HF). Mass change rate and coal-water contact angel were measured, and the surface tension was calculated by low temperature ashing and X-ray diffraction methods. The results show that the mass change rate of the coal is about 0.1% by HCl or HAc treatment, while the mass change rate of the coal is 7% by HF treatment; the reaction objects are different for each acid, most of the minerals in the coal can react with HF, which is the most effective treatment method; after HCl treatment, the coal-water contact angel shows a obviously decreasing trend from 59.75°to 33.25°, but the surface tension increases from 54.42 mJ/m2 to 66.45 mJ/m2 to cause a stronger wettability. After HAc and HF treatment, the coal-water contact angel shows a correspondingly increasing phenomenon from 59.75° to 85.00° and 84.50°, the surface tension decreases from 54.42 mJ/m2 to 39.34 mJ/m2 and 39.65 mJ/m2 respectively. In general, the water-coal contact angel and surface tension of coal change significantly after the acid treatment.",1
"The wettability of lignite and demineralized lignite and conventional mineral matter were evaluated by calorimetric measurement. The effects of moisture re-adsorption on the wetting heat of lignite were investigated and the moisture re-adsorption behavior of dried lignite was analyzed by dynamics models. The results show that wetting heat of organic components in lignite is much higher than that of mineral matter in lignite, indicating its dominated role for heat released of wetting process. The lignite with more content of oxygen-containing groups has a higher value of wetting heat. After the treatment by acid solution, the wetting heat of lignite decreases. For the Manglai lignite, the wetting heat decreases from 101.61 J/g to 66.79 J/g after demineralition. Among the mineral matter in lignite, wetting heat of kaolinite is higher than that of calcite and quartz. The moisture re-adsorption behavior was fitted properly by second-order dynamical model, and the correlation coefficient is greater than 0.99. With the increasing content of moisture readsorbed, wetting heat of lignite decreases. When the moisture re-adsorption reaches to 28.76%, wetting heat of the Manglai lignite decreases from 101.61 J/g to 5.04 J/g. The monolayer or cluster of water molecules adsorbed on surface of lignite is devoted to wetting heat decreasing, while the influence of water adsorbed in pores or capillary condensation is not obviously.",1
"The pyrolysis process of Shenfu pulverized coal at different heating rate, with different diameter and at different flow rate of carry gas was studied by TG-DTG thermogravimetric analysis. The optimal condition of maximum weight loss rate was determined through orthogonal experiments. The thermogravimetric experiment results show that heating rate, diameter and flow rate of carry gas have effect on the pyrolysis weightlessness. It is found that the pyrolysis weightlessness decreases with the increase of heating rate and flow rate of carrier gas. The effect of diameter on pyrolysis weightlessness is a parabola distribution, so there is an optimal diameter when the pyrolysis weightlessness is a maximum. During pyrolysis the optimal diameter of Shenfu coal (d<0.84 mm) is 0.25 mm-0.42 mm. The results of orthogonal experiment show that during coal pyrolysis, the main factor is heating rate, next is diameter and then flow rate of carry gas. The fastest pyrolysis weight loss rate is 4.95%/min when diameter is 0.25 mm-0.42 mm, heating rate is 30 ℃/min, flow rate of carry gas is 120 mL/min.",0
"NiW/ZSM-5 and PNiW/ZSM-5 supported catalysts were prepared on self-made ZSM-5 carrier. Catalysts were characterized by XRD, ICP, BET, NH3-TPD and SEM techniques. The results indicate that most of the active components of Ni, W and P have been successfully introduced into the carrier and disperse evenly, and the amount of strong acid sites decreases after modification. The catalytic properties of different catalysts on Shendong coal were evaluated by thermogravimetry-infrared (TG-FTIR). Compared with raw coal pyrolysis, NiW/ZSM-5 and PNiW/ZSM-5 catalytic pyrolysis can descrease the maximum weight loss peak temperature of Shendong coal by 8 ℃, increase the weight loss rate by 1.2% and 2.0%. The FTIR analysis results show that although ZSM-5 have no significant increase in the amount of gas-phase products, the contents of CH4, CO, NH3, light aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons increase significantly with NiW/ZSM-5 and PNiW/ZSM-5 catalysts, and PNiW/ZSM-5 catalyst has better advantages compared to NiW/ZSM-5.",1
"Interleaved catalyst injection unit suitably for underground pyrolysis and gasification was designed. Four sorts of typical catalysts were used in the horizontal pyrolysis reactor for the simulation test of underground catalytic pyrolysis on the long flame coal of Naomaohu in Xinjiang. The results show that these four sorts of catalysts can efficiently improve the composition of H2 and CO, and the yield of gaseous products. The descending order of their catalytic activity is 8% Na2CO3 solution (8% is mass fraction, the same below), 10%Ca(OH)2 solution, 10%CaO powder, 6%FNC (compound catalyst (Fe2O3-Na2CO3-Ca(OH)2)). For Na2CO3 and Ca(OH)2 of high activity, these two catalytics increase the composition of H2 by 19% (volume fraction) in the pyrolysis gas and CO by 1.2 times respectively, and increase the composition of CH4 in the low temperature pyrolysis, but without sustainable effect during the pyrolysis over 600 ℃. The yield of semicoke and tar decreases by 30% and 20%-70% respectively, and gas yield can increase by 1.4-1.6 times compared to the yield before the catalytic pyrolysis. On the analysis of the aspects of catalytic activity and cost, Ca(OH)2 can be selected as the major catalyst for underground catalytic pyrolysis, and Na2CO3 of highest activity can be considered as promoter.",0
"SAPO-34 molecular sieve with different sizes of Si islands Sin (n=5, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14) was constructed and investigated using dispersion-corrected density functional theory method in order to study the formation of Si islands, and the effects on the stability and acidity of SAPO-34 molecular sieve were studied. It indicates that the Si islands including Si5 and Si9 are easy to form in SAPO-34 molecular sieve. In addition, the larger the Si island is, the more stable the structure is and the more acidity the Bronsted sites are. The rule is proposed to judge the acidic strength in SAPO-34 molecular sieve with different sizes of Si islands.",1
"The properties of diesel of direct coal liquefaction (DDCL) and diesel of indirect coal liquefaction (DICL) were analyzed, the miscibility of the two types of diesel, the properties of blending diesel and the effect of lubricity additives on the two types of diesel were studied by the blending experiment, and the mobility, economy and emission performance of the blending diesel were investigated by engine bench test. The results show that DDCL is well dissolvable with DICL, and the density and the cetane number of the blending diesel are both linearly related to the mass fraction of DICL. It indicates that the two types of diesel have complement advantages with each other very well. The blending diesel has good sensibility to the lubricant. It is found that the blending diesel of coal liquefaction has good dynamic performance, less fuel consumption per unit mass and less pollutant emissions on China Ⅳ engine. The regulated emissions of the blending diesel fuel meet China Ⅳ emission standard. It has great advantage in the emissions of NOx, smoke intensity and particulate matter.",1
"The properties of coal water slurry (CWS) prepared by low-rank coal and oil-field sewage were investigated. The results show that the maximal CWS mass fraction for each coal follows: Wusuhongshan coal (66.5%)>Wususikeshu coal (61.0%)>Xukuang 4 coal (53.4%). Compared with the CWS prepared by oil-free sewage, the CWS prepared by oil-bearing sewage for each coal have lower viscosity, which decrease by 30.3% and 66.8% for Wusuhong-shan coal and Wususikeshu coal respectively, and have larger mass fraction, which increase by 1.1% for Xukuang 4 coal. It indicates that the use of oil-bearing can promote the mass fraction and calorific value of CWS, as well as simplifying the treatment of oil-field sewage. Among three kinds of CWS, the Wusuhongshan CWS has the largest stability due to its high ash content. The stability of CWS is largely affected by coal type and additive, while the type of water or sewage shows little effect.",1
"Based on the isometric impregnation and the theory of sulfur-fixation, the sulfur retention of activated alumina as briquette additive and loading with different metal oxides on the surface was studied. The changes of pore structure before and after modification were analyzed by using SEM, and the changes of phase transformation of raw coal ash and briquette ash were analyzed by using XRD, while activated alumina loading with CaO was used as the briquette sulfur fixing agent. The results show that the effect on reduction of SO2 emission by activated alumina loading with different metal oxide is activated alumina loading with CaO>activated alumina loading with CuO>activated alumina loading with BaO>activated alumina. The SEM analysis shows that loading different metal oxides on the surface of activated alumina has improved its heat stability. It is found by using XRD that CaO loading on activated alumina can react with SO2 and generate 3CaO·3Al2O3·CaSO4 with thermostability, which hinders the decomposition of CaSO4, thus can improve the sulfur retention effect. Compared with the sulfur retention effect of CaO, the sulfur retention effect of modified activated alumina is better in the experiment.",1
"A new CMC technology of cascade sieving and fluidized bed with immersed heating tubes (EN-CMC technology) was proposed. The energy and mass flow of the original fluidized bed CMC technology was completely changed by means of hot water as heat carrier which had high specific heat and density, and the previous heat and moisture carrying function of exhaust gas was divided. The energy efficiency among three kinds of CMC technologies was compared, including EN-CMC technology, 186 t/h Nippon steel fluidized bed CMC technology in MA steel and 330 t/h steam drum-type CMC technology in BAO steel. The results indicate that after the process of EN-CMC, coke oven heating quantity can decrease by 2.78×105 kJ/t (dry coal (DC)), with amounts to 9.50 kgce/t(DC). The energy-saving effect reaches 6.92 kgce/t(DC), which is 53.4% higher than Nippon steel CMC technology.",1
"Semi-dry dechlorination technology is put forward to attach most chlorine in coal-fired flue gas to fly ash by spraying in alkaline solution to realize the zero emission of desulfurization waste water. Simultaneously, drastically reduced FGD (flue gas desulfurization) waste water was used as the solvent of alkali, which could help to realize the target of zero emission of desulfurization waste water. Effects of n(Na+)/n(Cl-) on reaction efficiencies of base material with HCl and SO2 were analyzed. It shows that the reaction efficiency of HCl is positively correlated with n(Na+)/n(Cl-). As n(Na+)/n(Cl-) continues increasing, there is a slower growth of HCl reaction efficiency. When n(Na+)/n(Cl-) is 4.8, reaction efficiency of HCl increases beyond 70%. For a 660 MW unit, after semi-dry dechlorination, the amount of FGD waste water decreases significantly from 8.01 m3/h to 2.31 m3/h, and the decrease of flue gas temperature is only 2.49 ℃ when waste water is sprayed back as the solvent of alkali. The system of semi-dry dechlorination is simple and the cost is relatively low. There is no significantly negative effect on the comprehensive utilization of fly ash after semi-dry dechlorination.",1
"Brucite(Mg(OH)2) as raw material, the carbon capture by absorbing carbon dioxide (15%, volume fraction) of simulated flue gas was carried out under the condition that the solid-liquid mass ratio was 1∶6, the reaction temperature was 40 ℃ and the reaction pressure was 1.01×105 Pa. The cost of capture was reduced by deputy producting high value-added products such as basic magnesium carbonate (4MgCO3·Mg(OH)2·4H2O). The changes of pH value and substance composition during the reaction were determined, the influence of gas velocity on reaction time was discussed, and the final product was analyzed by titration and thermogravimetric analysis. The experimental results show that the pH value of the termination reaction is 7.73-7.74, the suitable gas velocity is 60 mL/min, and the recovery rate of CO2 is 40.87%. The final product basic magnesium carbonate magnesium content reaches 43.16% (mass fraction of MgO), and its weight loss reaches 56.35%. Above results are complied with the industry standard of magnesium carbonate products.",1
"An easy-to-use graphical user interface (GUI) program, VirtualFringe, was developed using MATLAB programming language. The aromatic fringes were extracted by the steps of thresholding and gray adjustment, Gaussian blur, Fourier transform filtering, binary image conversion, skeletonization and branches trim. And the parameters of positions, angles of declination and lengths were defined by fitting the enclosing rectangles of fringes. The reliability of this application has been confirmed by manual image analysis and structural parameters derived from solid state 13C NMR technique. The size and distribution of aromatic sheets obtained by VirtualFringe, can be used in the construction of large scale molecular coal model that meaningful molecular weight distribution and diversity of coal molecule have been incorporated.",1
"The complex of hexamethylentetramine (HMT) and ammonium molybdate (AHM) was simply decomposed and bulk β-Mo2C was successfully prepared. In the meantime the complex was mechanically mixed with HLH de-ashed lignite, then the activated semi-coke (ASC) supporting γ-MoNxCy was generated in situ in the process of coal pyrolysis. The synthesized carbides were characterized by XRD, SEM, HRTEM, and elemental analyzer, and their catalytic performances on methanation were evaluated. The results show that the bulk β-Mo2C catalyst exhibits high conversion of CO(XCO), but the selectivity of CH4 (SCH4) is low and the catalytic activity is not stable; as for the activated semi-coke supporting γ-MoNxCy, because of the improved dispersion of Mo and the improved catalytic activity on account of more lattice defects caused by lattice distortion of γ-MoNxCy, the XCO on unit mass of Mo greatly increases from 2.22 mol/(h·g) on bulk β-Mo2C to 17.47 mol/(h·g) on activated semi-coke supporting γ-MoNxCy. In addition, the SCH4 increases from 33.52% on bulk β-Mo2C to 49.54% on activated semi-coke supporting γ-MoNxCy. The above results reveal that methanation can be coupled with catalytic hydropyrolysis of coal under syngas atmosphere on activated semi-coke supporting γ-MoNxCy.",1
"In order to improve the quality of pneumatic classification of coal in the coupling device for fluidized bed and conveying bed, orthogonal test method was used to select three parameters, such as the apparent gas velocity of conveying bed, the feed inlet position and the feed rate, and each factor was taken at three levels, taking into account the interaction between the factors, and the L18(37) orthogonal array was chosen to be the 18 groups. Based on the computational particle fluid dynamics (CPFD) software,the pneumatic classification of coal was simulated, the pneumatic classification of coal in the coupling device for fluidized bed and conveying bed was studied using experimental measurements, and the optimum separation effect of coal particles was taken as the index. By comprehensive analysis of range method, the apparent gas velocity of conveying bed is the main factor affecting the pneumatic classification of coal and the best combination scheme for the pneumatic classification, which is the apparent gas velocity of conveying bed is 8.30 m/s, the feed inlet position is the lower part of the conveying bed, the feed rate is 22.5 kg/(m2·s).",1
"Coal tar can be hydrogenated to produce diesel with density 0.83 g/cm3-0.86 g/cm3, cetane number 42-52 and sulfur lower than 2 μg/g in 100 mL pilot plant, while liquid hydrocarbons can be produced by waste gas F-T synthesis with a feedstock gas conversion rate above 93%, selectivity of C5+ hydrocarbons above 86% in a 3 000 t/a fixed-bed F-T synthesis industrial plant, and further synthesis oil can be hydro-upgraded to gain diesel oil with density lower than 0.77 g/cm3, cetane number 76-81. Beyond that, waste gas can be used to produce high quality liquid wax, jet fuel and solvent oil. Choosing suitable process, coal tar and waste gas generated during the classification utilization of coal can produce clean and high value oils with sulfur content met the requirement of China V clean oil standards.",0
"Slurry hydrogenation catalyst with TiO2-AlOOH as the composite carrier and Ni and W as active components were prepared by a complete liquid phase method .The effect of n(H2O)∶n(Al) on the structure and catalytic properties of Ni-W catalysts were investigated and the catalysts were characterized by XRD, BET, NH3-TPD and so on. The fraction distribution and composition of raw materials and products were analyzed by GC-MS, TG and ultimate analylzer, the results show that the content of light component, the hydrodesulfurization (HDS) activity and the n(H)∶n(C) in the products are the highest when n(H2O)∶n(Al) is 75 in the catalysts. It indicates that Ni-W catalyst with n(H2O)∶n(Al) 75 has better hydrogenation effect on coal tar hydrotreating than that of the other value of n(H2O)∶n(Al).",1
"Pyrrolidone acid ionic liquids ([Hnmp]HSO4) was immobilized on HMCM-22 molecular sieves by chemical method and used as the catalyst for the synthesis of polyoxymethylene dimethyl ethers (DMMn). The catalyst was characterized by XRD, FTIR and SEM. The results show that the pyrrolidone acid ionic liquids ([Hnmp]HSO4) can be stability immobilized on HMCM-22. The optimum reaction condition is that the catalyst amount of 2.0%(mass fraction), feed mass ratio m(DMM)/m(PF) of 2.0, reaction temperature 120 ℃ and reaction time 6 h, m(Ionic liquid)/m(HMCM-22) of 2.0. The conversion of PF and selectivity of DMM3-8 reach 55.41% and 30.87%, respectively. Compared with the reaction effects of pure ionic liquids or molecular sieve, the yield of DMM3-8 is improved quite a lot. The catalyst can be separated from product phase naturally and exhibits high stability upon reusage. It still remains high activity even after being reused for four times.",1
"Mesocarbon microbeads were prepared by thermal polymerization using coal liquefaction pitch as raw materials and carbon black, petroleum coke, graphite and needle coke as nucleating agents at 410 ℃ for 2 h. The properties of mesocarbon microbeads as negative electrode material for lithium ion battery were studied. Results show that with carbon black and graphite as nucleating agent, the mesocarbon microbeads with uniform particle size distribution and good surface morphology can be prepared. The results of electrical performance tests show that the initial reversible capacity and the initial efficiency of mesocarbon microbeads are 353.9 mAh/g, 92.9% and 346.5 mAh/g, 92.6% respectively. Compared with the similar products in the domestic market, the mesocarbon microbeads prepared by carbon black and graphite as the nucleating agent are similar to those of similar products in China.",1
"Shenmu coal was blended with caking coal and the compatibilities of Shenmu coal in blended coal samples were explored. For this purpose, the influence of blending ratio on the coking property and the coal blending parameters in the completely bonding state of char were obtained. Meanwhite, the relationship between the wO∶wH in blended coal and the coking pro-perty were discussed. The results show that an increase in blending ratio of Shenmu coal results in a rapid decrease in the GRI value of the blending coal, and the experimental GRI value is far less than weighted GRI value, while in the Shenmu coal blending range, experimental Y value can well fit the calculated value of single coal. The effect of wO∶wH in blended coal on the caking property is in agreement with that of Shenmu coal blending ratio. In addition, in order to obtain completely bonding state coke, the largest percentage of Shenmu coal blended with gas coal, fat coal and coking coal are 30%, 50% and 40% , respectively. The Y value is equal to or bigger than 10 and the char residue characteristic index is bigger than 4, 5, 4 when Shenmu coal is blended with gas coal, fat coal and coking coal respectively.",1
"The transverse thrust loads of the annular gas channel inner partition caused by cokes were calculated based on the different packing situation of coke particles in the coke dry quenching. Stress fields of the annular gas channel inner partition were simulated by the finite element method with considering the pressure caused by the circulate cooling gas and coupling structure and thermal. The damage of refractories was analyzed from stresses. Results show that the temperature gradients and thermal stresses of annular gas channel inner partition increase with the increase of cooling gas flow rate; thermal stress is the main factor for deformation and crack of inner partition refractory materials because it is larger more than two times of structural stress. In order to avoid the further cracking and even collapse of inner partition, triangle support beams in the annular gas channel are installed. Then the suitable openings of different outlet plates for coke dry quenching are determined based on the calculated resistances to maintain the stability of furnace thermal system.",1
"Granular activated carbon was prepared by steam-activated high-temperature method using blue-coke powder with particle size of 2.0 mm-3.2 mm as raw material. The effects of activation temperature on the structure and properties of activated carbon were studied and the formation mechanism of pore structure of activated carbon was discussed. The surface morphology, specific surface area and pore structure of activated carbon were characterized by SEM and automatic adsorption apparatus. The results show that with the increase of the activation temperature, the yield of activated carbon continue to decrease, and the iodine adsorption value increases first and then decreases. When the activation temperature is 900 ℃, the yield of activated carbon is 59.81%, the iodine adsorption value is 812.86 mg/g, the BET specific surface area is 529.66 m2/g, and the pore volume is 0.298 9 cm3/g. The steam activation process is dominated by through-hole when the activation temperature is 600 ℃. The pore-forming stage is at 700 ℃-800 ℃, and the hole-expanding reaction is mainly carriy out at 800 ℃-1 000 ℃.",1
"Through establishing the response surface model, the interaction among different variables was investigated, and on the basis of reducing the operating times, the optimum extraction conditions were simulated. Taking three major factors, alkali mass concentration, liquid-solid ratio and leaching time as independent variables, the extraction rate as the response value, three factors and three levels of Box-behnken central composite test was adopted. The results show that the optimum condition as follows: alkali mass concentration is 0.049 8 g/mL, liquid-solid ratio is 10.44 mL/g, leaching time is 3.4 h and the predicted extration rate reach to 17.51%. As the experimental extration rate is 17.05%, the actual value is in a good agreement with the model predicted value.",1
"The welding seam of Q235A steel from the experiment of A-TIG (tungsten intent gas) was get, the tensile property of welding seam was checked using universal testing machine, and the corrosive property was checked through static corrosion test and electrochemical corrosion test. The results show that when fly ash is added as active agent, the weld seams have no big change in tensile strength compared with the tensile strength without surfactant; in static corrosion test, when fly ash 1 as surfactant，the corrosion resistance of the welding seam increases 1.90 times, 1.29 times and 1.81 times in 15% H2SO4, 10%NaOH and 3.5%NaCl solution than that of conventional weld seam respectively; when fly ash 2 as surfactant, the corrosion resistance of the welding seam increases 1.44 times, 1.20 times and 1.47 times in 15% H2SO4, 10%NaOH and 3.5%NaCl solution than that of conventional weld seam respectively; In electrochemical corrosion test,the corrosion rate of the active welding seam is smaller than that of conventional weld seam. The results show that adding fly ash as active agent can maintain the mechanical properties of the material and refine the microstructure to enhance the corrosion resistance.",1
"In order to explore the possibility of the synthesis of calcium carbide at low temperature, the thermodynamics of calcium carbide synthesis from calcium oxide and carbon were studied, and the influence of reaction conditions on the CaC2 theoretical equilibrium concentration were discussed. Thermodynamic analysis results indicate that the lowest critical production temperature of CaC2 is the Taman temperature of CaO (1 442 ℃) and the reaction is very slow because of the restricted diffusion of the reactants. When the temperature is 1 882 ℃, CaC2 can be synthesized from solid CaO and C. With the increase of CaC2 content, solid CaO would change into liquid and the critical temperature of production will drop to 1 753 ℃. When the temperature is 2 222 ℃, CaC2 can act as an auto-catalyst to promote the formation of calcium carbide. When the content of CaO is excessive, the Ca vapor can not be absorbed by C in time, which can cause the loss of Ca and the quality reduction of calcium carbide. The further results show that the theoretical equilibrium molar fraction of CaC2 reaches 92.9% when the temperature is 1 700 ℃ and CO pressure is 0.01 MPa. The thermodynamic analysis is verified by the experiments and CaC2 is synthesized when the temperature is 1 620 ℃ at Ar atmosphere.",1
"In order to study the hydrogenation liquefaction reactivity of western coal, liquefaction experiments of Naomaohu (NMH) coal and Bulian’gou (BLG) coal were carried out in high pressure batch autoclave. FTIR and 13C-NMR were used to study the distribution of functional groups and different kinds of carbon in the coal and the pre-asphaltene and asphaltene (PAA). The results show that the conversion rate and the oil yield of NMH is 96.33% and 47.86%, respectively, which is significantly higher than 76.18% and 23.44% of BLG. The proportion of aliphatic carbon and aromatic carbon in coal is the main factor affecting the conversion rate of hydrogenation liquefaction. The proportion of aliphatic functional groups is positively correlated with the reactivity while the proportion of aromatic functional groups has negative effect. High methylene carbon and methane carbon content are favorable to oil yield. The aliphatic carbon content in PAA is lower than that in raw coal, which indicates that the aliphatic carbon is the active structure in hydrogenation liquefaction process.",0
"K2SO4 or K2CO3 was loaded on a microcrystalline cellulose material. The co-pyrolysis characteristics of cellulose loaded with catalyst and coal were investigated by TG-FTIR, and the chemical structure of the samples before and after pyrolysis at 900 ℃ was characterized by FTIR. The FTIR results show that the absorption peaks of carbon-containing, hydrogen-containing and oxygen-containing functional groups and kaolinite disappear after pyrolysis at 900 ℃. The disappearance of organic functional groups is due to the release of gaseous products. The change of kaolinite is caused by thermal transformation into metakaolinite and quartz. Synergistic effect is observed during the co-pyrolysis of cellulose and coal. The load of potassium salt has a great influence on the char yield, the maximum reaction rate, the reaction temperature range, and the activation energy during the co-pyrolysis. The presence of potassium salt also results in an increase in CO and CO2 yields. Moreover, the temperature ranges of CO and CO2 generation shift to lower temperatures with the addition of potassium salt, particularly the K2CO3. In addition, K2SO4 has a positive effect on the evolution of products containing CO functional groups such as acids and ketals, while K2CO3 has a negative effect on it. K2CO3 and K2SO4 have different extent of negative effect on the release of CH4.",0
"Molecular modeling research based on transition state theory and density functional theory was performed to investigate the elemental reactions between hydrogen and the chars containing pyridinic-nitrogen or pyrrolic-nitrogen. Which the form of the nitrogen in char is more easily to release NH3 was studied from the point of energy and thermodynamics. The transition states of every elementary reaction were found. The enthalpy and activation energy of every step were also calculated. The results show that the first step in the hydrogenation adsorption is exothermic for Armchair and Zigzag char model containing pyridinic-nitrogen.However the second step in the hydrogenation adsorption is endothermic. As for Armchair and Zigzag char model containing 2-pyridine the hydrogen adsorption is endothermic. Whether pyridine-nitrogen or pyrrole-nitrogen, the Armchair configuration char is more easily to release NH2 than the Zigzag configuration char. Secendly the pyrrolic-nitrogen char containing 2-pyridine is more easily to release NH2 than the char model containing pyridinic-nitrogen. Finally the Armchair configuration char containing 2-pyridine is the pathway which is most easy to release NH3 in the four pathways designed in the paper. The formation of NH3 which is the NOx precursor is revealed in the paper.",1
"A kind of lignite A and atmospheric residue from Merey were chosen as raw materials. The reaction activity of the synthesized oil-soluble iron-nickel composite catalyst in the lab were evaluated during the coal/heavy oil co-processing in a autoclave. The catalysts’ sulfides and the solid residues after the co-processing were analyzed by XRD, SEM and TEM, to explain the activity difference among the composite catalyst and the single metal catalysts. Results show that the oil-soluble iron-nickel catalyst has a higher coal conversion of 87.37%, compared with the oil-soluble single metal catalysts of iron and nickel. The sulfide of the iron-nickel composite catalyst has low crystallinity and coarse surface, forming not only the individual metal sulfides but also the iron-nickel mixed crystal sulfide (Fe-Ni-S mixed crystal). The solid residue obtained from the iron-nickel composite catalyst exhibits small particle size, loose structure, and low degree of aromaticity, which further prove the promotion for the deep conversion of coal.",1
"Silica-gel column chromatography was improved utilizing the preparative liquid chromatography technology with four mobile phases (n-pentane, dichloromethane, acetic ether/ethyl cyanide and methyl alcohol) to separate and quantify the group components in the low temperature coal tar (LTCT) derived from Huolinhe lignite prolysis at 650 ℃, and each eluted fraction was identified by gas chromatography-mass spectrometer (GC-MS). Results show that the main components in LTCT include aromatics, oxygen-containing and nitrogen-containing compounds, which account for 22.47%, 31.19% and 17.66% of the total mass of the LTCT, respectively. The mass fraction of polyheteromatics is approximately 10% while both the contents of alkanes and alkenes are less than 10%. The results from the LTCT components demonstrate that the improved method shows desirable performance for the separation of group components in coal-based liquid according to their polarity and molecular structures.",1
"Oxidized Inner Mongolia lignite was degraded by two kinds of bacteria Sphingomonas Polyaromaticivorans and Rhodococcus Erythropolis. The pH value and degradation rate of centrifugal liquid product of degradated oxidized lignite were detected every day. The results show that the degradation rate is closely related to the pH value, when the pH value is in the range of 8.1 and 8.2, both bacteria show better degradation effect, and the degradation rate is inhibited when the pH value is greater than 8.4. The degradation rates of Sphingomonas Polyaromaticivorans and Rhodococcus Erythropolis is 50.86% and 52.86%, respectively, which indicate that both of these bacteria can effectively degrade oxidized lignite, and the degradation rate of Rhodococcus Erythropolis is higher than that of Sphingomonas Polyaromaticivorans. By ultravio-let spectrum (UV), infrared spectroscopy (IR) and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) techniques, the liquid products of degradation were analyzed. The results show that the liquid products of degradation mainly include esters and amides.",1
"Using KOH-HNO3 combined method to modify the coal-based electrode, the effects of KOH addition on the structure and adsorption properties of coal-based electrode materials were mainly studied. The appearance, surface functional group and pore size distribution were characterized by scanning electron microscopy (SEM), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) and N2 absorption method. The results show that the iodine adsorption value of coal-based electrode material gradually increases, while the compressive strength and yield decrease gradually, and the specific surface area, total pore volume and pore volume increase gradually as the KOH addition increases. When the KOH addition is 15% (mass fraction), the iodine adsorption value reaches 810.8 mg/g, the compressive strength is 4.47 MPa, the activation yield is 59.5%, the specific surface area is 377 m2/g, the total pore volume is 0.187 cm3/g, the pore volume is 0.160 cm3/g, and the porosity is 85.56%. With the increase in the number of micropore, mesopore and oxygen-containing functional groups on the surface，coal-based electrode material will form a well-developed honeycomb pore structure, which is conducive to the entering of electrolyte and the formation of electric double layer structure. Electrochemical tests show that the greater the KOH addition, the smaller the diffusion resistance of the coal-based electrode, and the larger the specific capacitance. The self-made coal-based electrode materials is used as the anode and cathode, and activated carbon is used as a particle electrode to treat cyanide wastewater，when the voltage is 4 V and the time is 5 h, and the removal rates of ions in wastewater is more than 95% by three-dimensional electrode system.",1
"Seven kinds of high-iron coal ash were selected as samples. The viscosity-temperature characteristics of high-iron coal ash were tested by high-temperature rotational viscosimeter. The samples were grouped according to the viscosity-temperature characteristics of coal ash. X-ray fluorescence (XRF), X-ray diffraction (XRD) and scanning electron microscope coupled with energy dispersive spectroscopy (SEM-EDS) were adopted to study the relationship between the viscosity-temperature characteristics and slag mineral. The results indicate that although the ash melting temperatures of high-iron coal ashes employe in this study are low, their critical viscosity temperatures are oppositely high. The viscosity-temperature curves of these samples show the characteristics of crystal slag and exhibit different fluctuation. The mass fraction of iron is related to the fluctuation of coal ash viscosity-temperature curve. With the increase of the ratio of w(Fe2O3)/w(CaO+MgO), the viscosity-temperature curves of coal ashes show more obvious fluctuation, which is mainly due to the formation of hercynite or magnesium aluminium iron oxide. When the ratio of w(Fe2O3)/w(CaO+MgO) is lower than 0.7, the viscosity-temperature curve shows none/little fluctuation. When the ratio of w(Fe2O3)/w(CaO+MgO) is between 0.7 and 1.0, certain fluctuation concentrated on viscosity value from 15 Pa·s to 60 Pa·s is exhibited. When the ratio of w(Fe2O3)/w(CaO+MgO) is higher than 2.0, significant fluctuation on the viscosity-temperature curve is observed.The brightness difference of back scattered electron (BSE) images indicates the variation of element enrichment. Fe and Mg are mainly enriched in brighter area, Si and Ca are mainly enriched in darker area, and Al is detected in these two areas.",1
"The kinetics of reaction between NO and carbon during flue gas denitrification catalyzed by activated-char-supported composite metals were investigated under non-isothermal conditions. The apparent activation energy of the catalytic denitrification reaction by activated-char was calculated using Flynn-Wall-Ozawa (FWO), Kissinger-Akahira-Sunose (KAS) and Coats-Redfern (CR) methods using TGA data. The catalyst phases before and after denitrification reaction were analyzed using X-ray diffraction (XRD). The results show that the apparent activation energy of the denitrification reaction and the reaction temperature decrease after loading of copper and iron composite metal catalysts onto chars. When the carbon conversion of the activated char is less than 0.3, the denitrification process is limited by chemical reaction rate. When the carbon conversion is higher than 0.3, the denitrification process turns to diffusion controll. During the denitrification process, the deactivation of the catalysts is caused by the oxidation of the active metal phases.",1
"Cheap activated coke was directly prepared by using drop-tube reactor and fixed bed reactor under optimum preparation condition with high temperature steam activated method from hydrogenation char, and was used as adsorbent to treat high and low concentration gasification wastewater. The results show that with increasing activation time from 5 s to 120 min, the adsorption for iodine and phenol adsorbance of activated coke both first increase and then decrease slightly, while the specific surface and total pore volume of activated coke increase. Hydrogenation char without activation has poor performance both in adsorption index and treatment for wastewater. Activated coke prepared by using drop-tube reactor with activation time of 5 s has not obvious change in adsorption properties, while adsorption properties of activated coke prepared by using fixed bed reactor increase obviously. When activation time is 90 min，the adsorption for iodine and phenol of activated coke reaches the highest, 97 mg/L and 588 mg/L respectively, and the specific surface and total pore volume of activated coke reach 675.53 m2/g and 0.631 2 cm3/g respectively. When activation time is more than 30 min, the activated coke has good performance on the removal rate and absorption capacity of COD, phosphorus and TOC, similar to commercially available activated coke, while with the activation time changing from 30 min to 120 min, the variation range of removal rate and absorption capacity of COD, phosphorus and TOC are less than 5%, the activation time has little influence on the removal rate and absorption capacity of COD, phosphorus and TOC.",1
"O2/CO2 combustion characteristics of cellulose and hemicellulose and lignin were studied using thermogravimetric analyzer. The influence of the combustion atmosphere (O2/CO2, O2/N2), oxygen volume fraction (10%, 21% and 40%) and heating rate (10 ℃/min, 20 ℃/min and 30 ℃/min) on O2/CO2 combustion characteristics were investigated. The results show that the three-biomass components combustion process appeare varying degrees of delay in O2/CO2 atmosphere compared that in O2/N2 atmosphere and it mainly reflects in the coke combustion stage. The lignin combustion delay is more obvious than that of cellulose and hemicellulose, due to the higher lignin coke content. In O2/CO2 atmosphere, the increase of oxygen volume fraction has less influence on volatile matter combustion, due to the high oxygen content of the three biomass components. However, there is a remarkable impact on coke combustion with the increase of oxygen volume fraction, and the coke combustion stage moves to the low temperature zone, the comprehensive combustion characteristics improve significantly. In O2/CO2 atmosphere, the combustion process of three biomass components move towards higher temperature zone with the heating rate increasing. There are significantly increasing of weight loss rate of cellulose and hemicellulose in the stage of volatile separating out; in the stage of coke combustion, the weight loss rate of lignin increase significantly. The comprehensive combustion characteristics of three biomass components improve. Compared with cellulose and hemicellulose, lignin combustion reactivity and combined combustion characteristics are relatively poor.",1
,1
"The quantitative effect of the four different property parameters of coal on the cluster analysis of coal category was investigated by grey relational principle in this paper. The results indicated that the relative order of effect of the four parameters from big to small at different weight was always sulfur content, volatile component, ash content and caloric value, respectively; and the verification test proved it to be right. Consequently, the detection accuracy and procession of sulfur content and volatile component of coal samples should be strictly controlled in experimental study and the cluster analysis of coal category.",1
"The C and H conversion of coal during coal pressurized pyrolysis was investigated. It was found that the second pyrolysis of char and tar was enhanced with pressure increasing. At 1 000 ℃, with the increasing of pressure, the char production, and the nC/nH and the C quantity converted to char was increased, but the H quantity converted to char was firstly decreased and then showed no change with increasing pressure. At atmospheric and pressurized pyrolysis, with the increasing of temperature, the char production was decreased, and the nC/nH was increased, and the C quantity and H quantity converted to char was decreased. Comparing with atmospheric pyrolysis, the pressurized pyrolysis showed less decreasing ratio of char production, larger increasing ratio of nC/nH in the temperature range of 650 ℃800 ℃, and so more C was converted to char. It might be dued to the enhancing of second pyrolysis for pressurized pyrolysis. The variation of nC/nH with pressure showed that the ordering of crystalline structure was enhanced under pressure pyrolysis, which would influenced the char reactivity greatly.",0
"The migration of sulfur and the  coal reductive pyrolysis was studied used a fixed-bed reactor. First, coal sample was holding in the quartz reactor undergoing the temperature program pyrolysis. The product was mixed with the purify air and burnt under the high temperature, then be absorpted by the acidic solution for the coulometric titration. Therefore a continuous release curve of sulfur in coal under the reductive pyrolysis was obtained. Experimental results show that the release proportion of sulfur in coal in the atmosphere of H2 was higher than that in the atmosphere of N2, the release proportion of sulfur were 71.9% and 32.8% respectively at the atmosphere of H2 and N2. Mainly reason for the difference each other is caused by: when the temperature is over 500 ℃, H2 can react with sulfur in coal (semi-coke), but the atmosphere of N2 can not further react with the sulfur in coal (semi-coke) at this temperature.",0
"Aspen Plus software is used to simulate a Texaco gasifier of an IGCC demonstration project. By considering incomplete carbon conversion to improve simulation flowsheet and using CPD model to predict production of coal thermal decomposition, the effect of some important operation parameters such as coal concentration of water coal slurry, oxygen/coal ratio, pressure and temperature in coal gasifier on the gasification production has been studied. The results show that within the calculation range, the percentage of main components increases as the coal slurry concentration increases within high coal concentration. And main components tend to be a constant value when temperature is about 1 400 centigrade.",1
"With oxygen and oxygen-steam as gasification medium, the model test of underground gasification of Dayan lignite were conducted. The studies were focused on the influence of oxygen blast and steam/oxygen ratio on the gas composition, gasification stability and rate. In the same time, the mass balance of oxygen-steam gasification process was conducted. The results show that the underground gasification of Dayan lignite has high stability form to use suitable parameters.",1
"Based on process simulation, calculated and analyzed the energy consumption of two kinds of gasification technologies when they are used in synthetic ammonia industry, and indicated that choice and compare of gasification technologies should be in a specified application situation and proper compare scope. The calculated results show that when steam is excessive in reaction condition the oxygen-coal ratio is controlled by ash fusibility, or by carbon conversion ratio. GEGP technology consumes more coal and oxygen per unit hydrogen, and the more consumed coal and oxygen convert to steam in coal gas. More shift reaction occurs in GEGP gasifier and reduces the load of shift unit. GEGP technology consumes less energy per unit hydrogen relative to SCGP technology.",1
"In order to examine the effect of different height of furnace side nozzle upon the distribution of flow field, particle concentration, the 3-D flow field in a new type CWS gasifier at cold state was analyzed using experimentation method, and contrasted this results with numerical simulation results. The optimization distribution was observed with the height 0.9 m far from the furnace top. Experimentation study results and numerical simulation results is very near, attest to the numerical simulation is exact, which can be seen as a guidance for designing and operating of this type gasifier.",1
"Thermal extraction of some low rank coals was studied on thermal extraction device using coal derived liquids. The influences of temperature, residence time, solvent-coal ratio, solvent and coal rank on thermal extraction yield were studied. Furthermore, the deoxidization yield of coal in the process of thermal extraction was investigated as well. The results show that the thermal extraction yield of coal increased from 18.7%(daf) at 340 ℃ to 59.5%(daf) at 430 ℃. However, the maximal the solid extract yield 32.4%(daf) at 390 ℃ can be obtained . The optimal residence time and ratio of solvent to coal was 60 min and 5∶1 respectively. Using the coal liquefaction recycle solvent, higher coal thermal extraction yield was obtained. 23% oxygen content of Datang Shengli No.5 lignite was removed during the processing of thermal extraction at 390 ℃.",0
"As a step of the implementation the coal conversion strategy of Shenhua Group Corporation in Xinjiang, direct liquefaction of the coal from Xinjiang Heishan district was carried out. The coal liquefaction tests were conducted in 0.5 L autoclave and 0.12 t/d continuous unit respectively. The test results show that Heishan coal can be easily liquefied and boasts such excellent performance as higher oil yield and lower gas yield while being made into coal slurry with a concentration as high as 50% (within the viscosity range ensuring good transportability) as well as enabling long-term stable running. The stable transportability of high concentration coal slurry can dramatically enhance the capacity of the reactors.",0
The diversification of hydroliquefaction production after reaction were analyzed by FTIR. The change of structure and component with different reaction temperature were surveyed by 1HNMR and GC-MS. We could concluded that the production component is varied by reaction temperature and hydroxybenzene is found in oil. The existence of hydroxybenzene in the hydroliquefaction production is proved by 1HNMR spectra which added D2O into the sample solution. All above is very meaningful to hydroliquefraction craft.,1
"According to equilibrium principle of gas and liquid, equilibrium solubility of hydrogen in coal tar were measured using a high-pressure agitated autoclave over the temperature range from 323.2 K to 623.2 K and pressure range from 2 MPa to 10 MPa. The influence of temperature and pressures on equilibrium solubility of hydrogen in coal tar has been discussed. The changing current of hydrogen’s equilibrium solubility in different temperature and pressure are different in each coal tar. These data make up for the blank of the domestic data base about the field of coal tar oil, and  provide the foundation data for the industrialization design of coal-tar oil catalyze hydrogenation in slurry reactor.",0
"Coke particles reinforced pitch-based carbon composites（CRPCCs） with high density and low cost were fabricated under atmospheric environment by an efficient mould pressing and semi-carbonization shaping technologies. And microstructures and fracture morphologies of the CRPCCs were observed under optical microscope and SEM. The results show that reinforcing carbon, matrix carbon and holes phase can be distinguished clearly under optical microscope and SEM according to raw material structures and fabrication processes of CRPCCs. And bonding carbon coats or wraps every reinforcing particle besides it fills the holes in the reinforcing particles; hence bonding carbon shapes a continuous network-like matrix in CRPCCs.",1
"The thermal expansion of 8 different coke was measured between 30 ℃1 300 ℃ in N2. Based on coke’s own characteristics, the parameter and measurement of coke expansion are given. Based on parameter measured, this paper explores the relationship between the expansion of coke and CSR, CRI, coal. Through research the result shows: 1) the thermal expansion of coke can be divided into three stages and pointing out the shrinkage stage means micro-cracks generating. 2) The parameters of thermal expansion are increasing with the increasing of coke heat strength. 3) The relation between Lf and Vdaf is quadratic function. When Vdaf comes up to 30%, the Lf can get maximum. Lf is increasing with the increasing of Bond of coal, but which is affected by Vdaf.",1
"One type of anthracite powder was dried, roasted and grinded after being dipped by transition metal Cu and Co sulfate solution with the purpose of the research of impact on combustion properties resulted by the different transition metal sulfate. The results got from ignition point detector and X-ray diffraction phase analysis,showed that the transition metal sulfate changed coal combustion process, speeded up the coal combustion rate, significantly reduced ignition point.",1
"In order to make use of the oxygen-bearing coal mine methane (CMM) effectively, sulfide oxidation is introduced, and the impact of reaction temperature, flow velocity, catalyst and other factors on the deoxygenation process is investigated using TG technology and fixed-bed reator. The results show that oxygen content is obviously reduced by using Na2S as deoxygenation reagent under the temperature of 500 ℃. In the whole reaction process, molecular sieves, compared with other metal ion zeolite catalysts,have significant catalytic efficiency. The process of reaction is deeply influenced by external diffusion, and small flow velocity is propitious to improve the reaction rate of conversion, but it’s still a little low for Na2S.",1
"The principle and measurement method for graphitization degree of carbon-carbon（C/C）composites by X-ray diffraction were investigated. The results show that there exist different graphitized components in C/C composite, and so the profiles of diffraction pattern are asymmetrical. Graphitization degree has more obvious differences among different methods of search peaks，and the common characterizes of the graphitization degree are only evaluated by the best graphitized component of all C/C components. Considering hard graphitized component, it is more suitable to fit profile of peaks. In addition, through multiple-peak separating, the separated peaks could be used to calculate graphitization degree directly. The integral intensity obtained from every single-peak could be calculated according to the relate content of every component, and it is very reasonable to investigate the true graphitization degree of C/C composite．",1
"The effect of LaF3 introduction on properties of solid superacid SO2-4/ZrO2 was studied in this paper. The crystal transformation and morphology of solid superacid SO2-4/ZrO2 and SO2-4/ZrO2-LaF3 were investigated with polarized microscope and XRD when they were calcinated. It was found that there was some influence of LaF3 introduction on crystal transformation and morphology of solid superacid. The thermal stability of solid super acid was determined by using DSC and TG technique. The crystal transforming temperature of ZrO2 and decomposing temperature of SO2-4 increased sharply due to LaF3 introduction. The IR analysis showed that water in solid super acid containing LaF3 was easy to removed. The effect of LaF3 introduction on acid strength, SO2-4 concentration and naphthalene oligomerization were also investigated in this paper.",1
"There are abundant coal-series kaolinite in our country, but these resources have not been utilized reasonably. For widening applied prospect of the coalseries kaolinite, effects of reactive conditions on phosphorus of the urban domestic sewage absorbed by coal-series kaolinite were inspected in this article by the orthogonal experiment, and effect order of all factors were determined: the dosages of the coal-series kaolinite, the stir velocity, the reactive time, the reactive temperature, pH, relative thickness of the domestic sewage, in the same time, the first-rank reactive conditions were obtained: the factors were respective 6 g/mL, 45 r/min, 120 min, 35 ℃, 4, and 0.50. Under these conditions, the contents of the phosphorus in the urban domestic sewage absorbed by coal-series kaolinite could be up to 76.80%.",1
"Greenhouse effect mostly results from CO2 emission by coal combustion, so coal-based energy system is the main fields to realize near zero emissions. The international situation of coal-based energy systems with near zero emissions currently was analyzed, and concluded that there are three approaches to realize CO2 near zero emission of coal-based energy systems: exploit study of IGCC, including recovery and separation after combustion, disposal and recovery of synthesis gas before combustion, and coal-based poly-generation system for power and chemical products based on IGCC; coal-based energy system based on CO2 acceptor gasification and that on chemical-looping gasification.",1
"Catalyst is the core of SCR de-NOx technology, to decrease the deactivation rate and prolong catalyst life has significant meanings on decreasing the operation cost of SCR system. This paper has described the phenomenon of catalyst deactivation, given all the influence factors of deactivation, specialized effects of alkaline metal, alkalineearth metal, As, P, Pb and HCl on SCR catalyst, and based on the effects, deactivation mechanism is discussed. The conclusions are that alkaline metal could decrease the quantity of Bronsted acid sites and change surface acidity of Bronsted active sites, alkaline-earth metal could block the pore structure of the catalyst, deactivation of arsenic is caused by accumulation of gaseous arsenic compounds, and phosphorus has obvious effects on catalyst active sites. Aimed at specific deactivation mechanisms, we can optimize catalyst performance to decrease the deactivation rate.",1
"Onion-like fullerenes (OLFs) were prepared in radio frequency plasma (Ar atmosphere) from Huainan coal with ferrocene as catalyst precursor, and then modified by in-situ oxidation through the introduction of oxygen into Ar plasma. The morphologies and structures of the products were characterized by field emission scanning electron microscopy, high resolution transmission electron microscopy and Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy. The results reveal that the OLFs formed in Ar plasma were oxidized when the content of oxygen in atmosphere was increased to a threshold value. OLFs(OH)n and OLFs(COOH)n were formed when the percent of volume of O2 was 3% or 4%, with more functional groups introduced when the percent of volume of O2 was 4%. The formation mechanisms of the modified products were also discussed.",1
"A fixed-bed reactor has been used to study the effect of the hydrogen partial pressure on the removing of sulfur in char. The kinetic parameters were calculated used differential method and the results shows that the hydrogen partial pressure has the effect on the reaction of hydrogen and organic sulfur in coal char. Under the hydrogen partial pressure from 0.02 MPa to 0.1 MPa, the higher hydrogen partial pressure lead the faster reaction rate of hydrogen and organic sulfur in char. Calculation results also shows that under the different hydrogen partial pressures corresponded the different reaction order and the activation energy, so the experimental results indicate that the reaction of hydrogen and organic sulfur in char is a complex process, and the reaction is controlled by the diffusion of hydrogen from gas flow to particle surface of coalchar.",1
"In the process of underground coal gasification, the pore structures of semi-coke are the impact of the important factors. In this paper, the specific surface area, pore volume and aperture of Dayan brown coal, Xiezhuang bituminous coal and Xiyang anthracite were determined, the author have summed up the various laws of the pore structures of semi-coke at various temperatures and in the reactive atmosphere. The results showed that the pore structures of semi-coke were influenced by the temperature and the atmosphere. Changed the end of the temperature and the atmosphere, the aperture had not changed distinctly.",1
"Three technologies of removing acids and oxygenates from oil of Fischer Tropsch synthesis were developed. The advantages and disadvantages of these technologies were compared by Aspen Plus simulation software. The results show that the azeotropic distillation process is easier than extractive distillation process. Because of its milder process parameters, the equipment cost is lower. Compared with homogeneous azetropic distillation, the ratio of solvent to feed is lower, and the solvent can be recovered easily. But the recovery ratio of solvent for hete",1
"It’s mainly analyzed that the material balance, heat balance calculation and energy consumption of the production process of semi-coke by SJ-low-temperature carbonization furnace. The results showed that, the theoretical semi-coke yield of SJ-low-heat oven is 63.926%, tar yield is 6.079%, gas yield is about 598 m3/t; with thermal efficiency of 88.90%, heat efficiency of 84.08%, and heat loss of furnace surface of 4.82%, and the energy consumption for process is between 13.38% and 17.92%. Compared the composition characteristics of the low metamorphic coals, it’s real a low energy consumption, high-yield, high value-added clean production process for the comprehensive utilization of this coal, which has great guiding significance to the sustainable development of the semicoke industry in Northern Shaanxi.",1
"According to moderate hydrogenation Shenhua coal which is low rank and none caking ability can converse to product with high caking ability, what’s more, the oxygen in the raw coal was better removed, and the heat of the product was improved. Under the microscope, the mesophase small sphere could be seen, combine with the calculation of tar yield of the THF insoluble, it indicated that new active component which could converse to plastic mass was generated. The products were blended with coal and the result proved that it can be useful in the coking industry.",1
"β-methylnaphthalene is an important chemically raw material which exists mainly in gas absorber oil distillation cut of coal tar. A new process of separating and pefining β-methylnaphthalene from gas absorber oil was investigated by birectification-crystallization and rectification-azeotropic distillation in the paper. The results show that it is very difficult to obtain acenaphthene with high purity from gas absorber oil only by rectification time after time or by birectification-crystallization, and yet acenaphthene with high purity can be obtained from gas absorber oil easily by means of the process of combining rectification with azeotropic distillation, and that the process has many characteristics such as simple process, higher purity, no pollution, recycle use of azeotrope former, lower cost and so on.",0
"Used the heat-grade unite calculation of the pinch technology to analyse the dates of the two years' production heat supply of a factory with 175 000 t annual processing plant in tar distillation section, it was found that more than 0.289 6 GJ/t energy can be reused. According to the present situation, heat-pipe technology was advanced to recover the exhaust heat and low potential energy, the pinch technology to design the heat exchange network of the new project and stress on the installation of the heat preservation fixture, only the working procedures of distillation can produce the energy benefit of one million and onehundred thousand yuan annual.",1
"Four different metamorphic degree Ningxia coals were selected for this study. The ash content of coal about 40% obtained with float-sink method and prepared chars in muffle furnace at 900 ℃, then acid-washed by HCl-HF. The effect of  included minerals on char combustion characteristics were analyzed by comparing burning curves and their characteristics indexes of the four chars and their demineralized chars. The result indicated that included minerals in the bituminous chars hampered ignition and accelerated burnout, but the included minerals in the anthracite chars accelerated ignition and hampered burnout.",1
"The effect of calcium-based flux on the melting characteristics of coal ash from coal blends using the Liuqiao No.2 Coal Mine in Wanbei (AQ007) was investigated. The change of the compositions of mineral under various temperatures before and after adding magnesium-based flux into AQ007 was employed by XRD and FT-IR. Results shows that mullite formed under over 1 000 ℃ has an effect on increasing the melting point of coal-ash, and this is the major reason which leads to high melting point of AQ007 coal-ash. The coal ash fusion point will be decreased by adding magnesium-based flux. The low temperature eutectic mixtures such as monticellite, ringwoodite and pyrope are easily formed between magnesium and compounds under high temperature, which will remarkably decrease coal ash fusion point.",1
"Shengli coal and the sawdust were selected as the experiment materials. The impacts of the ratio, the reaction temperature, the reaction time and the initial cool hydrogen pressure on the co-liquefaction were investigated in the batch autoclave with the addition of the hydrogen donor solvent and the catalyst. The results indicate that the best weight ratio of sawdust∶Shengli coal is 1∶9 according to the oil yield, and the conversion and oil yield of the co-liquefaction increase with the temperature, reaction time and hydrogen pressure.",0
"Desulfurization of coal-gas at high temperature is the critical technology improving energy utilizing efficiency. Mn-Fe-Ca sorbents were prepared by mixing methods and effect of calcination temperature on texture, phase, reducibility of Mn-Fe-Ca sorbents was investigated by XRD, SEM and H2-TPR. The effect of calcination temperature on desulfurization performance of Mn-Fe-Ca sorbents were studied in fixed bed reactor. The experimental results show that H2S could be desulfured to 4×10-6 and sulfur content was 33.3% by the sorbents calcined at 1 050 ℃ which also had good mechanical intensity and desulfurization performance. The change of calcination temperature can effects the micro-structure and reactivity of the sorbents.",1
"A kind of Ni-Zn-Fe based oxide desulfurizer of nano-properties was prepared by sol-gel self-combustion method, which has a higher reactivity at 300 ℃500 ℃. The activity of precursor powder at different calcination temperatures and the influence of kaolin and starch additional on the effective sulfur capacity of shaped desulfurizer were investigated. The results indicate that the precursor has a maximum sulfur capacity as the calcination temperature is 500 ℃. As kaolin addition amounts to 30%-40%, the effective sulfur capacity of shaped desulfurizer is the highest. 5% starch can function most effectively.",1
"Mercury is contained in coal (about 0.1×10-6-0.15×10-6) and it is emitted to the atmosphere in the process of combustion and gasification. Mercury ( Hg ) is a major concern among hazardous heavy metals because of its high volatility and high toxicity, especially due to its neurological health impacts. A bituminous coal was processed at the Tianzhuang Coal Preparation Plant in He'nan Province. The objective of this study is to conduct detail studies that analyze the charateristic combustion of different products by TGA-DTG and the emission behavior of Hg by collecting and detecting the concentration of elementary mercury and the oxidized mercury at different range of temperature in smoke. The results indicateded that the fine raw coal, the fine middling coal and the fine cleaned coal have the similar rule of combustion and emission behavior of mercury. The content of elemental mercury is more than oxidized mercury in smoke. By physical separation method mercuric inorganic compound is enriched in middling coals.",1
"In order to study on the ignition characteristic, combustibility and burnout characteristic of the biomass briquette, the combustion parameters was studied of the Jiaozuo anthracite, Shanxi bituminous, Shaanxi Shenmu bituminous, Pingdingshan bituminous and their briquettes by the thermo-gravimetric analysis, and it was found that the ash and volatility were main effects on combustions of the biomass briquettes and the biomass briquettes’ combustions characteristic.",1
"Circulating fluidized bed combustion boiler is an efficient lowpollution combustion of the art equipment, wide range of applications. However, due to its wide applicability of coal, combustion stability characteristics of the widely used low quality coal combustion, and coal gangue, the fluoride emissions of sulfur dioxide pollution control and can not be ignored. 75 t/h and 200 t/h circulating fluidized bed combustion technology-fluoride: fluidized bed combustion temperature is very suitable for burning limestone burning sulfur-fluoride requirements in the circulating fluidized bed combustion boiler add limestone can significantly reduce the export of boiler smoke emission of sulfur dioxide and fluoride concentrations and emissions at the same time with fluoride and sulfur dioxide away from the limitations of the role, with significant economic, environmental and social benefits.",1
"Activated carbons were prepared by KOH activation combined with steam activation from Shenfu 3# coal. Coupling-activation mechanism was also discussed. Effects of ratio of KOH to the coal, heat treatment temperature, total activation time on activated carbons perfor-mance were studied. The results indicated that iodine number, methylene blue adsorption value, BET surface area and total pore volume of the activated carbon prepared at 700 ℃ for 60 min, with addition of KOH which ratio to the coal is 0.5, are 837 mg/g, 409 mg/g, 943 m2/g and 0.31 cm3/g respectively. Also, a large amount of hydrogen about 58 mmol for each gram of coal is released during the activation, up to more than 60% of total gaseous products.",1
"Several briquettes were prepared using fine anthracite and binder with cold briquetting process. The physical properties of anthracites such as micro hardness, hardgrove grindability index, true relative density, apparent relative density, porosity, moisture holding capacity and pore structure and so on have been analyzed. The effects of physical properties of anthracites on compressive strength of briquette have also been researched. The results show that hardgrove grindability index decreases, compressive strength of briquette increases with increasing reflectance of coal maceral, microhardness, true relative density and apparent relative density of anthracite. The physical properties of anthracites reflect coal rank. Therefore, compressive strength of briquette relatives well also with coal rank. The results also show that pore volume distribution of anthracites with different ranks and moisture holding capacity are different from each other, which effects the caking degree between anthracite and binder, thus effects the compressive strength of briquette. The results above will have great significance on developing differrent briquettes using anthracites, improving quality of briquettes and selecting briquette binders.",1
"Sample of Shandong Yanzhou Coal Mining Group North places by heat treatment was for a pilot study. Using vibrating sample magnetometer VSM, the magnetic susceptibility of micro-pulverized coal was measured at different heating temperature conditions. Through trial and after grinding heat treatment of 100 mesh of the following micro-pulverized coal than for susceptibility determination, as well as coal quality analysis, it was found that the pilot heating temperature and heating coal on the environment than a certain magnetic susceptibility, micro-pulverized coal heat treatment after the coal quality change its magnetic effects are more significant. The result would provide the basis of studying the dry magnetic separation which will be used in desulfurization from fine coal.",1
"The paper studies the process of preparation of 4A-molecular sieve with sulfate residue as raw material from fly ash extraction of aluminum, using solid-phase synthesis method to compose 4A-molecular sieve. The paper also studies the better corresponding conditions of preparation and performance is fly ash acid residue∶aluminum hydroxide∶sodium hydroxide=10∶4∶15; baking temperature is 800 ℃-860 ℃, baking time 2 h-3 h; gel formation temperature is 55 ℃, time 2 h; crystallization temperature is 90 ℃-95 ℃, time 4 h to 6 h. The products structural characterization tested by XRD, SEM, IR and so on. Comparison with standard 4A-molecular sieve, the results showed that the synthetic product is the 4Azeolite.",1
"The study that porous glass beads were synthesized using the gangue was used as raw in this experiment to study the process that the zeolite-based adsorbent with high crystallinity and purity was synthesized by self-transformation of gangue in vapor phase of ethylamine and water at a range of 368 K-400 K and the preliminary study on its adsorption feature was made. The adsorption properties of the zeolite-based adsorbent were characterized by adsorption isotherm, specific surface area and pore distribution with the help of N2 adsorption. The zeolite-based adsorbent was investigated with XRD and small-opening consideration and so on. And the adsorption isotherm of whom to phenol was obtained. Results indicated that the zeolitebased adsorbent synthesized from the transformation process was gray and had better adsorption. The paper pointed out that the proper adsorbing temperature and larger specific surface area were effective means to increase the adsorption of the zeolite-based adsorbent.",1
"Polyacrylonitrile(PAN) nanospheres latex with an average diameter size between 230 nm and 250 nm was synthesized by dispersion polymerization. After freeze drying, the PAN particles were stabilized in air at 250 ℃ and then carbonized in nitrogen at 1 000 ℃. Scanning electron microscopy study showed that all PAN nanospheres were carbonized to carbon nanospheres with the diameter range of 170 nm190 nm. The carbon nanospheres were also treated at 1 500 ℃, 2 300 ℃ and 2 800 ℃ respectively. X-ray diffraction study showed that above 2 300 ℃ the graphitization degree of the samples appeared a distinct increase.",1
"Thermoplascity is an important index to evaluate the caking properties of coal. In recent years, the effect of heating rate on coal fusibility to higher temperature was studied using several evaluation method, such as dynamic viscoelasticity, needle penetrometry and high temperature in-situ NMR imaging. It was found that the thermoplascity of coals was enhanced when the coals are rapidly preheated to 330 ℃-380 ℃. By the studies such as solvent extraction, it was speculated that aggreagated structure of coal can been weakened by rapid preheating and produce more low molecular weight substances when the slow heating rate was applied through the following thermoplastic stages.",1
"The pyrolysis characteristics of Pingshuo coal and Shendong coal were studied in detail from the relativity of heating rate and coal particle size and kinetics aspects by means of TG-DTG and FTIR technique. The results show with heating rate increasing the reaction characteristic temperature of coal pyrolysis, such as the initiative, terminative and maximum rate temperature increase gradually, and yet, the final weight loss percent does not indicate definite rule. The change trend of characteristic temperature is more obvious for the coal samples with small particle size than that for big particle size samples, but the biggest weight loss rate has nearly nothing to do with the sample sizes. As pyrolysis rate increase the activation energy and frequency factor increase firstly and then decrease.",0
"The CO2 gasification reactivity of Yima coal char were investigated by an isothermal thermo-gravimetric analysis at ambient pressure and at temperatures from 1 000 ℃ to 1 400 ℃. The results showed that general gasification reactivity and reaction of chars increased with gasification temperature, but some different phenomenon appeared near coal ash fusion point. When conversion was 50%, the average apparent activation energies of chars respectively were 224.03 kJ/mol and 31.47 kJ/mol at 1 000 ℃-1 100 ℃ and 1 100 ℃-1 300 ℃.",1
"The gasification of biomass coke, char and the mixture of biomass and coal in a thermogravimetric apparatus(TGA) was investigated．The results show that under the same conditions, the reactivity of sawdust char was significantly higher than that of lignite char. And the reactive of two char increased with the conversion rate, and the temperature also affect the gasification activity heavily. At the same time, the study also found that when the temperature is higher than 1 173 K, the mixture of semi-coke gasification reactivity is worse than that of single-component semi-coke.",1
"Non-premixed combustion of coke oven gas under low oxygen condition was investigated through computational fluid dynamic (CFD) simulation coupled with radiation heat transfer. Temperature profile and product distribution in reactor were obtained from simulation. Calculated temperature profile indicates that oxygen react strongly with coke oven gas in region near the oxygen nozzle and the temperature in this region increase sharply. Noticeable influence of reactor wall temperature on product distribution could be found in simulation results. Higher selectivity of syngas could be archived at higher reactor wall temperature, while conversion rate of methane in coke oven gas was suppressed simultaneously. So reactor wall temperature should be treated as a key parameter and optimized well in this process.",1
"The temperature field ,concentration field and equilibrium gas composition in reactor which is used to produce syngas by the method of non-catelytic partial oxidation for COG were simulated by the software Fluent. The results show that the oxygen to COG mass ratio is a key factor to deciding the gasification temperature and syngas composition at the export. By the increasing of the ratio, the gasification temperature improves also. When the ratio is 0.14, the content of effective gas (H2+CO) reaches to the maximum, the CH4 in COG almost transformed completely. The temperature in the reactor reaches to the maximum 3 000 K when it is 0.05 m from the nozzle of the reactor, the contents of H2, CO and CO2 become to be balanced while the distance increased to 0.1 m, and CH4 decreased to the minimum.",1
"The gasifier is one of the most important equipments in IGCC system, and it closely related with the others, so the study of the gasifier characteristics is based on the whole IGCC system. The system model of 200 MW IGCC demonstration project was established using Thermoflex software firstly, from the view of the system, the IGCC systems with different gasification parameters (coalwater slurry concentration, gasification pressure, O/C ratio and the carbon conversion) were calculated, the effects on the gasification result were analyzed. It shows that the coal-water slurry concentration and the O/C ratio have great effect on the gasification result.",1
"This work has investigated the gas (including CO, H2, CO2, N2, CH4 and C2H6)-heavy alkane （C20，C28 and C36）systems in the condition of Fischer-Tropsch synthesis. Peng-Robinson (PR) equation of state (EOS) and perturbed-chain SAFT (PC-SAFT) EOS are used to calculate the vapor-liquid data with van der Walls one-fluid mixing rule. The results show that the total absolute average deviations are 1.39% and 1.98% with one optimized interaction parameter, 25.18% and 16.19% with no interaction parameter for PC-SAFT and PR EOS respectively. Moreover, the temperature and carbon number (CN) of solvent effect on the interaction parameter has been studied for the considered systems. With the temperature and CN increasing, the interaction parameters of PC-SAFT EOS increase mildly and these of PR EOS decrease distinctly. Therefore, PC-SAFT EOS with one interaction parameter is more accurate and predictive in estimating the vapor-liquid equilibrium of gas-heavy alkane systems.",1
"In order to meet the needs of the rapid industrialization of direct coal liquefaction project, the calculation method for molecular weights of direct coal liquefaction oil narrow boiling range fractions were studied based on the comparison of a great deal of experimental solvent samples and their molecular weights. In comparison with the results of freezing point depress method, the precision for calculating the molecular weights of coal liquefaction oil by NE-DOL method was investigated. For Shenhua oil, average error is -1.7 between results of NEDOL method and freezing point depress method. For Shengli oil, average error is -1.3. For Neimeng oil, average error is -3. For Heishan oil, average error is -2.7. The calculation results by NEDOL method are close to that of freezing point depress method. NEDOL method can be used to calculate molecular weights of direct coal liquefaction oil narrow boiling range fractions.",0
"The slurrying experiments are done with 21 different metamorphose coals. The influence of coal’s physical chemistry property to its slurrying quality is analysed. The results show that all the CWS samples have high particle accumulation efficiency. The CWS’ apparent viscosity differ sharply from each other at 11.71 s-1. The Bulianta coal’s CWS has the highest apparent viscosity, which is 4 235 mPa·s. The slurrying concentration is high when the coal’s HGI is high. The slurrying concentration is low when the coal’s Mad is high. The CWS have good stability, all samples’ stability is over 60 d, and half of the samples’ stability is over 90 d.",1
"Ionic liquid is a new kind of solvent, but it has not been applied to coal chemical industry. Ionic liquid was firstly used as coal-direct liquefaction solvent in this paper. Viscosity of Shenhua coal slurry and Shengli coal slurry was measured at atmospheric pressure. The results show that viscosity is lower with more solvent and temperature has an influence to it. When temperature increases, viscosity of coal slurry declined. Because of swelling viscosity has a special situation between 50 ℃ and 65 ℃.",1
"The forms of organic oxygen in Shengli lignite are studied by XPS. Three kinds of oxygen functional groups are classified in the method: single-bond, carbonyl group and carboxyl group. The absolute content of different oxygen functional groups is obtained by XPS combined with ultimate analysis and compared with chemistry analysis. The elimination limit of CO and CO2 has been calculated during coal liquefaction prereaction. The elimination of oxygen functional group in Shengli lignite during preliquefaction is studied in 0.5 L shaking-style autoclave at the temperature range of 330 ℃, 360 ℃, 400 ℃ and 430 ℃. Deoxidization effect at the presence of three kinds of catalysts including MnO2, Fe2O3 and MoO3 is observed and compared with that of non-catalyst. The results show that higher oxygen elimination is obtained at H2 pressure 1 MPa, temperature range 360 ℃-400 ℃，non-catalysts.",1
"Clean fuel was prepared from the middle/low-temperature coal tar via hydro-catalysis route on a 30 mL hydrogenation reactor under the effect of series of catalysts. The pressure and temperature as well as H2/oil ratio were set as 8 MPa-15 MPa, 400 ℃-460 ℃, 1 800-2 000 respectively during the reaction. All of the coal tar was converted and the volume receive of clean oil product was higher than 106%. And then the product oil was separated as gasoline and diesel with the ratio as 22.75% and 77.25% respectively (the ratio is changeable with the different raw coal tar). There was no residual oil left during the hydrogenation process. The obtained gasoline and diesel was up to the grade of national standard. In addition, the analysis result of the sulfur content was greatly decreased compared to the raw material during the conversion process which could be used as clean fuel.",0
"In this paper a series of mesophase carbon microbead(MCMB) were prepared from a coal tar pitch without quinoline insoluble at different temperature by varying the holding time. The needle coke was prepared from a coal tar pitch without quinoline insoluble under magnetic field. By analyzing morphologies of MCMB and needle coke with scanning electron microscope, the effect of mesophase formation factors on structure of needle coke were discussed.The results showed that the structure and properties of needle coke were determined by the temperature holding time as well as viscosity of forming mesophase. The magnetic field has a promoting effect for streamlined structure of needle coke.",1
"Non-isothermal combustion experiments of two types of pulverized coal with three different particle size were conducted by synthesized thermogravimetry analyzer in different oxygen concentration. The changes of combustion characteristic parameters of pulverized coals in different atmospheres are analyzed and the kinetic parameters of every condition are calculated. The results show that DTG curves of coal combustion move to low temperature zones when O2 concentration increases. It indicates that both ignition and burnout temperature are lower, burnout time decreases, combustion characteristic index obviously increases, and combustion performance of pulverized coals are improved,especially for the larger particle size of pulverized coal. Activation energy, frequency factor and reaction order of low-temperature stage are lower than that of high-temperature stage. Kinetic compensation relationship exists between combustion activation energy and frequency factor in different atmospheres.",1
"According to the force operating on a charged particle, built a mathematical model for the particle’s trajectory in the line-cylinder charging apparatus. The model involves in particle charging equation, electric field and charge conservation equation, gas conservation equations of mass and momentum, particle mass and momentum equation. Loading electrostatic field force into the model by the compiled UDF (user-defined function) and using the discrete phase model of the FLUENT software for simulation, shows the trajectory regularity about a charging particle of pulverized coal on different pole positive voltage, mean sieving particle size and jet flow velocity, and summaries some regular conclusions.",1
"In order to decreasing the pulverized coal thermal power plant NOx emission damage to human and environment, low NOx pulverized coal combustors are utilized widely. But if the low NOx pulverized coal combustors are operated incorrectly, the fly ash carbon will increase significantly. In the paper, the screen separation and loss of ignition are used to study the fly ash carbon distribution, mercury intrusion and X-ray diffraction are used to study the fly ash carbon inactivation, so as to analysis the reasons of the very high fly ash carbon in dual channel low NOx pulverized coal combustors. It is showed that the dual channel low NOx pulverized coal combustor fly ash carbon distribution has two pinks and the big particle size fly ash carbon inactivation is more significant than that of the small. The author believed that incomplete combustion due to short residence time in combustion zone of small pulverized coal particle and the inactivation due to long residence time in anaerobic and high temperature zone of big pulverized coal particle lead to the increasing of fly ash carbon in some dual channel low NOx pulverized coal combustors.",1
"Sulfur and mercury content in coal fields from some regions in China were analyzed. In addition, occurrence mode and the distribution of sulfur and mercury in coal were discussed, most likely occurrences modes of Hg in high-sulfur and high-Hg coals are in solid solution in pyrite. It is concluded that most Hg values in coal samples range from 100 ng/g to 450 ng/g, averaging 220 ng/g. Mathematical model about relation both total sulfur and mercury was gained by mathematical statistical method, the result showed that they had better dependency correlation in all coal samples at a 95% confidence.",1
"Beisu coal was pyrolyzed in a pyrolysis device, which was studied the desulfurization effect of magnetic separation under different pyrolysis temperatures at 400 ℃-700 ℃. The nitrogen flow was 0.1 L/min and the holding time was 30 min.Compared with the traditional pyrolysis devices, it has many advantages, such as large capacity, easy operation and can combine with the magnetic separation experiments. The experiment results showed that appropriately increasement of pyrolysis temperatures were favorable for the magnetic desulfurization rate and especially pyrite sulfur was reduced well at 500 ℃, compared untreated sample to raise nearly 40%. According to XRD analysis of the raw coal, 500 ℃ semi-coke, the refined coal and the tailing coal after semi-coke magnetic separation respectively, it can find strong magnetic mineral pyrrhotite(Fe1-xS) in semi-coke, and no pyrite in refined coal. It demonstrates that pyrolysis-magnetic separation can remove the inorganic sulfur in coal. According to Chinese standards(GB/T215-2003), it found that organic sulfur existed considerably in the form of thiophene, so it is diffcult to improve Beisu coal magnetic desulfurization rate by low-temperature pyrolysis.",0
"The reduction of NO by CO in the presence of oxygen in gas mixture and the dependence from reacting condition have been investigated on Co-TPP supported on nanometer titania catalysts. The results show that this catalyst yielded 85% NO conversion at 100 ℃ when the volume fraction of feeding gas is NO 500 mg/m3, CO 5 000 mg/m3, O2 4%, space velocity 10 000 h-1. In addition, only SO2 has little effect on NO reduction. At the same time, the competed adsorption of H2O reduced the NO conversion slowly, but the catalyst can be recycled after H2O desorption. In the presence of both SO2 and H2O, the catalyst was poisoned slowly but can be recycled after vacuum heat treatment. Mechanism of the reduction was also investigated, NO2 is  more easily to reduce than NO, both N2O and N2 were the products of NO reduction, and N2 occupied a higher proportion with increasing temperature. N2 is the dominant product of NO2 reduction. The Co-TPP /TiO2 catalyst can be used for NO reduction with CO in the absence of either SO2 or H2O.",1
"Natural coke from Yongcheng was activated by KOH to prepare high-performance activated carbons as electrodes for electric double-layer capacitors (EDLCs). Specific surface area and pore structure of activated carbons was investigated and their EDLC properties were measured in 3 M KOH aqueous solution and 1 M (C2H5)4NBF4/propylene carbonate (PC) solution. The asprepared activated carbons exhibit large surface areas (2 441 m2/g), high capacitances (252 F/g in 3 M KOH aqueous electrolyte,163 F/g in 1 M (C2H5)4NBF4/ PC electrolyte) and low AC impedance.",1
"This article discusses in detail the synthetical method, and synthetical kinetic model of fly ash-based adsorbent with fly ash in Jixi, and then it analyzes crystallization degree of production within the different time. This paper uses the undetermined coefficient method to determine velocity constant of each equation and merge the kinetic equations. Finally, the kinetic model of fly ash-based adsorbent with fly ash was obtained. Then using the model equation to merge testing crystallization curve, conclusions can be drawed that the crystallization reaction of fly ash-based adsorbent will happen in the later gel formation. Furthermore, the dissolve velocity of gel is either quick or slow, which decides the crystal growing rate and the crystallization degree within the limited time. From the whole testing data, it can consist with model curve fairly good, and it shows that the model can describe preferably the growth law of actual crystal.",1
"In this paper, the adsorption and temperature-programmed desorption behaviors of aniline and benzene (as model compounds) on activated carbon (AC) and a copper oxide doped activated carbon (CuO/AC) were investigated. Results show that aniline desorption amount from CuO/AC is significantly lower than that from AC, and initial desorption temperature of aniline from CuO/AC is higher than that from AC. CuO addition changes adsorption state of aniline, which can make adsorption interaction between aniline and catalysts be stronger. CuO has no significant effect on desorption behavior of benzene, which shows state of benzene does not change.",1
Six kinds of non or low-coking coals were rapidly preheated from room temperature to about 380 ℃ using KFM-A rapid preheator at atmosphere. It was found that the coking index of coals increased markedly by the rapid preheating. Solvent extraction experiment showed that CS2 and CS2-NMP extraction yield of coals was enhanced by rapid preheating and was relative with the coking index clearly. It can be speculated that cohesion structure of coal is relaxed by rapid preheating and the kinetic property of coal molecule increases and so produce more low molecular weight substances when the slow heating rate was applied through the following thermoplastic stages.,1
"Before and after being extracted by methanol, the micro-pore structure of block Dayan lignite of China was investigated using mercury intrusion porosimetry (MIP) and nitrogen gas adsorption method. The results show that the porosity goes from 16.4% up to 18.53%. In the micropore diameter range from 3 nm to 80 nm, the specific surface area and pore volume increased by 2.6 folds and 2 folds. But the methanol extraction could not change the micropore distribution obviously. The enlargement of the specific surface area and the pore volume of coal was mainly due to the increase of pore number in different pore size range. The radius of Dayan lignite colloid structure unit was calculated to 8.9 nm according to the most probability of pore radius. Due to the coal seam permeability and the specific surface area were enhanced by using methanol, then the reaction activity and efficiency of underground coal gasification were increased.",1
"The effect of pyrolysis condition on pore structure of Huainan coal was investigated by N2 adsorption principle at 77 K. Specific surfaces of Huainan coal and char were mea-sured by BET model. Total pore volume, average pore size and pore size distribution were also obtained by BJH model. The results show that rapid pyrolysis and slow pyrolysis both can increase the specific area and pore volume and the tendency is more notable with the increase of the pyrolysis temperature. The effect of slow pyrolysis on pore development is stronger than rapid pyrolysis. Fractal theory was applied to describe the surface and pore structure of samples and the fractal dimensions were obtained by FHH equation. Results show that the rapid pyrolysis and slow pyrolysis both can increase the fractal dimension of coal.",0
"The microwave-assisted extraction of Shenfu coal and Panzhihua coal have been discussed, using the following solvents: methanol, ethanol, acetone, acetic acid, THF, ethylene diamine and DMF. The experiment results showed that the extraction yield of Panzhihua coal using former four solvents were higher, and Shenfu coal’s using later three solvents were higher, extraction yield of ethylene diamine was 70.76%. Dry ash-free basis coal and its residues were examined with ultimate analysis, functional group, and FTIR, which indicated that H/C and O/C ratio of residues had a little decrease, and N/C ratio significantly increased. Compared to the deashed coal, oxygen-containing functional groups content of residues increased, total acidity and hydroxyl content enhanced. THF extracts of Shenfu coal were analyzed with GC/MS: hexane contained more alkanes, and more aromatic compounds in toluene, while only one oxygen-containing heteroatomic compound in THF.",1
"To study heat exchange characteristic of lignite during upgrading process with low temperature, using the software of CFD based on Fluent platform, with SIMPLE algorithm and Eulerian model, taking Xilinhaote lignite particles of 10 mm as example, with the numeric analogue of computer, proceeded numeric research of G-S two phases heat exchange characteristic. The results of numerical simulation are almost corresponding with the operating mode, velocity of G-phases is the main factor effecting distribution of section temperature inside furnace body, providing theoretical guide for studying heat exchange characteristic in producer.",1
"It will provide a theoretical suggestion for preventing the coal spontaneous combustion to investigate the low temperature pyrolysis characteristics of coal in O2-enriched conditions. The gas release critical temperatures Tm, the gas release rates ψ and the gas release apparent activation energies Ea of seven C1~C4 low-weight molecular hydrocarbons for Shanxi Hun-yuan cannel coal under the temperature range of 293 K~673 K and the air-supply flow rate of 100 mL/min were investigated by using a coal self-heating experimental facility. The results show that the gas release critical temperatures Tm for CH4，C2H6，C2H4，C3H8，C3H6，i-C4H10 and n-C4H10 were 473 K，491 K，423 K，513 K，490 K，503 K and 523 K respectively. The logarithmic release rates of hydrocarbons (lnψ) were linearly correlated with the reciprocal of absolute temperature (1/T), which were consistent with typical Arrhenius S A kinetic characteristics. The apparent activation energies were 28.492 kJ/mol，13.506 kJ/mol，28.096 kJ/mol，41.786 kJ/mol，68.489 kJ/mol，76.763 kJ/mol and 73.287 kJ/mol respectively. Tm，ψ and Ea for seven gaseous hydrocarbons demonstrated different characteristics, which will be useful for predicting the low temperature pyrolysis characteristics of coal in O2-enriched conditions and the property to coal spontaneous combustion.",0
"A method for the determination of arsenic (As) in coal by the process of digestion and HG(hydride generation)-AFS (atomic fluorescence spectrometry) was presented in this paper. A home-made sealed Teflon container and an oven were used in the digestion process. The effects of the digestion conditions, including the digesting temperature, time and digesting agent, were discussed. The effects of hydrogenation conditions and interferences of other elements in coals, including the concentration of KBH4 and acid used, were also investigated. Optimum analysis conditions were ascertained. The method was validated by analysis of As content in standard reference coal (GBW11116) with satisfactory result and was successfully applied to the determination of As content in five coals with RSD<5%. The method is simple and precise and may be popularized.",1
"X-ray fluorescence spectrometry(XRF), X-ray powder diffractometry(XRD), optical microscope(OM),scanning electron microscopy(SEM)were used to investigated the chemical composition, phase constituents, petrographical structure and microstructure of gasification slag from Texaco gasifier. Building materials were fabricated using gasification slag as main raw materials. Sialon powders were synthesized by carbothermal reduction nitrodation of gasification slag. The results showed that: 1) The main chemical constituents of gasification slag are SiO2, Al2O3, CaO and residual carbon. The main phase are vitreous glass and amorphous carbon, minor phase are quartz and calcite; 2) Gasification slag is porous. Residual carbon is sponge-like structure and vi-treous glass is dense; 3) Building materials above MU7.5 can be manufactured when 70% gasification slag fine is added. The sample fired which has lower volume density has characteristic of thermalresistance; 4) Sialon powders with Ca-α-sialon and β-sialon as main crystalline phases can be synthesized by carbothermal reduction method using gasification slag as raw materials.",1
"Self-inventing multi-heat silicon carbide furnace is used in order to convert coal high-efficiently and cleanly, in which much fuel gas rich in CO is produced by using raw materials of coal and quartz. Meanwhile, high added value material is being produced. We not only study the influence of coal and gasification technology on gas products, but also test energy carrier material through XRD and SEM. The results show that fuel gas is mainly composed of carbon monoxide(CO), the average content of CO reaches up to 70%, the average content of the CO+H2 and CO+H2+CH4 reach to 85% and 90% respectively. We can improve the content of CO by using anthracite, coke or roasting method. The energy carrier material SiC (content of 98.45%) is obtained, among which the yields of 3C-SiC, 6H-SiC, 4H-SiC are 4.12%, 89.81% and 4.42% respectively. The crystal has a relatively high euhedral degree, most of which is thickly platelike crystal.",1
"On hot-model experimental platform of opposed multi-burner gasifier, gasification characteristics of coal alcohol fermentation wastewater slurries were studied by using endoscopic industrial TV, high temperature thermocouples, mass spectrograph. The results showed that the impinging flames generated by the coal wastewater slurries were stable and the gasification efficiency was well; the gasification temperature and available gas component increased correspondingly with increasing the ratio of oxygen to coal. Therefore, it has been proven that cogasification of fermentation wastewater and coal is an effective method to solve the wastewater pollution.",1
"Steam gasification characteristic of biomass char, coal char and the mixture of them was investigated in a thermogravimetric apparatus (TG). The results showed that the various chars behave various reaction rate as follows: Shenmu coal char < cornstalk haulm char < rice haulm char < broomcorn haulm char. The steam gasification reaction kinetics analysis of them showed that the homogeneous model reflected the char gasification kinetics with steam to some extent.",1
"Viscosity of coal oil mixture(COM) is one of an important technological parameters during coal direct liquefaction. In this paper，FCC slurry(recycle oil) and recycle solvent mixture different from traditional recycle solvent were chosen for COM preparation. Some influencing factors for viscosity change of COM were studied at normal temperature and atmosphere, which includes the ratio of FCC slurry(recycle oil) to recycle solvent，COM concentration and temperature. Suitable transportation conditions for FCC slurry(recycle oil) mixing systems during liquefaction were achieved under the COM concentration of 45% and 50% respectively. The results show that viscosity of COM increases with solvent viscosity and the COM concentration increasing. Apparent viscosity decreases with temperature increasing，and the relation equation of viscosity-temperature was established by analysis and regression of experimental data.",1
"A water-soluble aliphatic polymer, sulphonated acetone-formaldehyde resin (SAF) was synthesized by sulfonation and polycondensation reaction. SAF with different molecular and different degree of sulfonation were developed as dispersant for the preparation of highly-loaded coal-water slurry (CWS), which were obtained by controlling the quantity of condensating agent and sulfonating agent. Shenhua coal is a kind of low rank coal, the internal water content and oxygen content is too high, which makes it hard to make coal water slurry. The Haake rheometer was used to measure the rheological property and viscosity of CWS prepared from Shenhua coal. The results show that the molecular weight and the degree of sulfonation of SAF were found to be the key factors affecting its capability for reducing the viscosity of CWS. Comparing with other dispersants of CWS, SAF has much better dispersing effect than nathphalene sulfonate formaldehyde condensate. The suitable molecular weight (inherent viscosity is 7.03-10.87) and the higher degree of sulfonation (1.64 mmol/g) are more effective for reducing the viscosity of CWS, and the shear-stress/shear rate data for each CWS prepared with SAF were fit to three-parameter HerschelBulkley model. Based on the results, the SAF with medium molecular and higher degree of sulfonation is an effective and promising dispersant for highly-loaded CWS.",1
"Ionic liquid is a new kind of solvent, but it has never been applied to coal chemical industry. Ionic liquid was firstly used as coal-direct liquefaction solvent in this paper. The swelling function was studied at ambient pressure and normal temperature. Effects of solvent, confecing time and temperature were discussed. It is found that swelling capacity is the most strong at 50 ℃ and 8 h later, but the swelling capacity along with elevatory temperature and time appeared to firstly increase and subsequently reduced. And the results indicated that molecular structure of coal sample had changed through FTIR analysis.",1
"For stabilization and control of coke quality of Shuicheng steel the research by application of reflectance distribution of coal vitrinite and traditional coal property parameters has been done. The reflectance determination of coal vitrinite, analysis and evaluation of coal properties and coking test for eighteen coal samples have been carried out. The production coal blend in use and recommended coal blends at Shuicheng steel have been evaluated basesd on the test results obtained from coking tests on 40 kg test coke oven. By application of reflectance distribution of coal vitrinate and traditional coal property parameters three optimum coal blends have been put forward. The coke quality is improved and satisfied with demands of production. The research shows that using the reflectance distribution diagram of coal vitrinite is an efficient means of guiding coal blending and especially effective in controlling and stabilizing coke property at high temperature. It is convenient to guide coal blending by using reflectance distribution diagram of coal vitrinite when charged coal is blended by many kind of coals and/or mixed coals.",1
The generation chatacteristic and the relativity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons(PAHs) and nitrogen oxide(NOx) were obtained by monitoring their generation in coking. The results show that the amount of PAHs mainly generated at the stage of coal temperature increasing is the maximum at the beginning 1 h-3 h of coking and is gradually reduced in the whole coking process. With the time prolonging the amount of NOx generated which peak value occurred at the stage from the fourth h to the sixth h is increased firstly and then reduced. The amounts of PAHs and NOx generated at the beginning stage have a negtive correlation and the relation of maximum amounts between PAHs and NOx for different coals and different blended coals was obtained by fitting an exponential curve.,1
"The distribution characteristics of 16 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons(PAHs) in 6 typical coking coals were investigated. The coal samples were extracted by the Soxhlet extractor with methylene chloride, concentrated by the K-D concentrator, and purified by silica gel technique, then PAHs in the coal samples were analyzed by a high performance liquid chromatographic(HPLC). Experimental results showed that most PAHs were present in the coal with 3-ring to 5-ring structure in the six coals; moreover, the higher coal rank is, the lower the total content of PAHs is. The coal with the high volatile content and H/C mole ratio contained higher PAHs. It was also discovered that there was correlation between PAHs content and carbon content, O/C mole ratio in the six coals.",1
"The heat value and concentration of low concentration coalbed methane can’t meet the requirement of industry utilization. When it is industrially used, the methane in the gas needs to be concentrated. However, there is danger in the concentrating process because of the oxygen existing in the gas. So it is necessary to remove oxygen from the gas before being concentrated. The characteristics of several deoxidization methods, which are researching currently, are briefly represented; experimental study on the deoxidization of low concentration coalbed methane in a tubular furnace is also carried on in this paper. The results show that the percentage loss of methane is less than 10%, while the deoxidization temperature is less than 700 ℃, the pyrolysis of methane is the main reason of the loss of methane. The concentration of oxygen can be reduced to less than 1% after deoxidization by using coke combustion method.",1
"Coal tar pitch were separated into α, β and γ resin by the method of solvent extraction. Coal tar pitch, α, β and γ resin were analyzed by TG, DTG and DSC. The results show that the heavy fraction has a higher temperature of initial weight loss and a higher temperature of maximum rate of weight loss than that of light fraction. Coal tar pitch, β and γ resin have two exothermic peaks in the region of 400 ℃-500 ℃, while α resin has only one exothermic peak in the region of 400 ℃-500 ℃.",0
"Study on hydrogenation of medium and low temperature coal tar from Shaanxi was carried out in fixed-bed hydrogenation unit using catalysts possessing properties of hydrofining and hydrocracking. It has been emphasized to investigate the effect of reaction temperature, reaction pressure, volume ratio of hydrogen to oil, liquid hourly space velocity (LHSV) on hydrogenation. The optimum process conditions are: reaction pressure 14 MPa, reaction temperature 390 ℃，vo-lume ratio of hyrdogen to oil 1 600∶1 and LHSV 0.25 h-1. Under optimum conditions, mass fraction of gasoline was 9.82％, mass fraction of diesel oil was 73.12％, mass fraction of hydrogenation tail oil was 16.43％. Through a simple treatment,we can get qualified oil products from fraction of gasoline and diesel. The hydrogenation tail oil could be used as superior FCC or hydrocracking feedstock.",0
"Na-X zeolites were successfully synthesized using the coal fly ash from a thermo-electric plant in Taiyuan by fusion method. The effects of treatment conditions, including NaOH concentration, operating temperature and hydrothermal reaction time, were investigated. The optimal synthetic conditions for Na-X were found to be as follows: ash/NaOH ratio is 1∶1.2, fusion temperature is 550 ℃，NaOH concentration is 3.75 mol/L (addition of 40 mL H2O), reaction temperature is 90 ℃ and reaction time is 6 h. The synthesizing Na-X zeolite by fusion method has higher purity and better crystallinity than that by conventional hydrothermal method.",1
"Mesocarbon microbeads (MCMB) were prepared from coal-tar pitch by pyrolysis condensation of coal-tar pitch modified with formaldehyde in the presence of oxalic acid. The structures of the MCMB were characterized by polarized light microscopy and XRD. The morphologies of the MCMB were analyzed using SEM, and the thermal behavior of the MCMB was studied by TGA. The results indicate that the yield of MCMB, which have the average size of 10 μm, arrives at 35.1%. Moreover, there are a large number of microspheres with the size below 0.5 μm congregate together on the surfaces of the MCMB. The MCMB with low particle size don’t exhibit optical anisotropy under the polarized light microscopy. Furthermore, the interlayer space (d002) and crystallite height and crystallite size of MCMB are 0.342 0 nm, 3.42 nm, and 2.38 nm respectively. The characteristic degradation temperature at 5% mass loss is 618 ℃, and the total weight loss of the MCMB is 15.12%.",0
"In this paper the effects of particle size, temperature, retention time and gas components on tar decomposition using toluene as model tar compounds were investigated. Tests were carried out in a fixed bed tubular reactor under atmospheric pressure using biomass char as catalysts. It was concluded that biomass char showed high catalytic activity. At 950 ℃ toluene conversion  achieve to 98% over two kinds of chars. Longer retention time lead to higher toluene conversion. Steam or CO2 can enhance toluene conversion and prolong the activity of char as they can react with toluene and carbon. Calculated by a simple first order kinetic model biomass char had an activation energy of 73 kJ/mol.",1
,1
"Three high-sodium Zhundong coals have been experimentally studied by system of tube furnace and inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometer. The occurrence mode and evaporation of sodium are the key research topics. The results indicate that the sodium existing in the typical Zhundong coals is mainly in the form of water-soluble sodium and acid-soluble sodium. Sodium occurrence mode has a great influence on the transformation of sodium. Soluble sodium mainly volatilizes into gas phase during combustion, and the more sodium coal contains, the more sodium volatilizes. Most of sodium has volatilized below 1 000 ℃, and the higher temperature, the higher volatilize rate of sodium under various temperatures. There are signs that sodium volatilizes in abundance at short temperature range, and the more water-soluble sodium content is, the more obvious this surge phenomenon is.",1
"Oxidation and spontaneous combustion of coal could be controlled by restraining coal chemical adsorption O2, because the initial stage of coal oxidation is the process of coal chemical adsorption O2. Using the Gaussian 03 program, the mechanism of interaction of Zn2+ and α-aldehyde structure in coal is studied by using density functional theory (DFT) method at the B3LYP/6-31G (d, p) level. And the restraining oxidation effect of Zn2+ on α-aldehyde structure in coal is characterized by activation energy to provide base for studying technology of inhibition coal spontaneous combustion. The results show that sp0.02d0.02 orbital of Zn2+ and sp12.20d0.01 orbital of 20O atom in C10H7CHO structure hybridize forming σZn-O coordinate-covalent bond, its second order energy is 131.84 kJ/mol. When C10H7CHO structure is being oxidized, the first step is that O2 is adsorbed physically onto —CHO group to form complex I, and release heat 30.86 kJ/mol. Secondly, O2 is adsorbed chemically onto it by chemical action of the molecules in complex I. The activation energy is Ea=66.87 kJ/mol during the whole process. After forming [ZnOHCC10H7]2+ coordination complex by α-aldehyde structure in coal with Zn2+, the heat released by —CHO group physically adsorbing O2 is decreased 19.38 kJ/mol, and the activation energy of chemical adsorption is increased 52.34 kJ/mol. Consequently, we can get the conclusion easily that inhibition effect of Zn2+ on α-aldehyde structure in coal is particularly noticeable.",1
"Two low rank coals were dewatered and upgraded by hydrothermal dewatering process in this article. Water concentration of the upgraded coals decreased a lot, while the fixed carbon content and heat value increased. The pyrolysis characteristics curves of upgraded coals were delayed towards the high temperature region. The pyrolysis start temperature increased and the maximum mass loss rate of upgraded Zhaotong coal and Zhundong coal present a different variation trend through hydrothermal dewatering. The mass loss of both Zhaotong coal and Zhundong coal decreased along with the increasing hydrothermal dewatering temperature. The pyrolysis characteristics analysis was also conducted on deashed low rank coals. Results indicated that the deashed process could increase the mass loss rate of pyrolysis effectively and the main effect of hydrothermal dewatering process was to reduce the active component of low rank coals and narrow the mass loss peak of low rank coals.",0
"To understand the fuel consumption in the coal storage yards of coal-fired power plant better, experimental studies on the oxidation characteristics of lignite storage were carried out both in coal and laboratory. The field experimental results showed that the coal quality changed a lot with the storage time increased, which turns out to be less calorific value and moisture, more ash, and smaller average particle size for the decreasing of large particle and increasing of small particle. The experimental results also showed that with the increasing of laboratory lignite storage time, the trend of TG curve was consistent with the field testing results, while the DTG curve shifted to low temperature which results to a higher weight loss peak, the corresponding kinetic parameters, activation energy E decreased while frequency factor A increased. The laboratory experiment results were consistent with the field test results.",1
"The pyrolysis processes of lignite at 1 000 K-2 000 K were studied using ReaxFF molecular dynamics simulations. The effects of temperature on the product distributions were analyzed. The elementary reactions of sulfur transfer in thiophene, thiophenol and thioether structures, as well as the sulfur forms existed in pyrolysis products were searched. It was determined that the sulfur atom compositions in pyrolysis products were dependent on temperature. At high temperatures, escaping of sulfur atoms from lignite was inhibited. In the pyrolysis process, sulfur atoms in thiophene, thiophenol and thioether structures transferred to each other by the reactive intermediates of sulfur radicals. Most of sulfur atoms existed in thiophene and thioether forms in the final products of pyrolysis.",0
"Fugu bituminous coal was pyrolyzed with hot boiler ash from a circulating flui-dized bed as solid heat carrier. The effect of pyrolysis temperature (470 ℃-630 ℃) on the yield and properties of products were investigated. The distribution of sulfur and nitrogen from the raw coal into products were analyzed. The results showed that with increasing pyrolysis temperature, the yield of char decreased, the yield of gas increased from 0.97% to 5.44%, the yield of tar increased from 1.96% to 8.07%. The content of light-oil in the tar accounted more than 80% and decreased with the increase of pyrolysis temperature. The ash melting point of char-ash is higher than 1 000 ℃. After pyrolysis of coal, about 70% of sulfur was distributed into char, while about 90% of nitrogen was distributed into char.",0
"The pyrolysis experiments of the raw coals and the treated coals were conducted in a chamber electric furnace. The emission regularity of the sodium in the raw coals and the treated coals were determined. And the effect of colloid additive on the emission regularity was also determined. The results show that the emission of sodium increases with the increasing temperature. The emission of sodium mainly take place in the temperature range of 700 ℃-900 ℃. Adding appropriate amount of silica sol can decrease the emission of sodium effectively. However, adding aluminum sol can promote the emission of sodium, and the emission of sodium increases with the increasing adding proportion.",1
"The co-gasification characteristics of PRB coal and a type of biomass (American bamboo willow) were studied in an atmospheric fluidized bed gasification system with the scale of 1 kg/h at the temperature of 850 ℃, 900 ℃ and 950 ℃, under the conditions of oxygen and carbon ratio being 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, 1.3 and 1.4, and the ratio of biomass to the total mixture being 20% and 40%. The results showed that with the increase of temperature, the content of H2 gradually increased, while the content of CO, CH4 and QHHV (syngas heating value) gradually reduced, the production of synthetic gas and carbon conversion increased considerably. With the increase of n(O)∶n(C), the content of CO, H2, CH4 and QHHV decreased, the synthetic gas yield and carbon conversion increased. With the increase of biomass ratio, the content of CO, H2 and CH4 decreased firstly and increased soon afterwards, QHHV increased more, and the synthetic gas yield and carbon conversion increased. The amount of soot is higher at the condition of n(O)∶n(C) being 1 than that under the condition of n(O)∶n(C) being 1.3.",0
"Carbon deposition characteristics of Fe-based oxygen carriers under different temperatures (650 ℃, 750 ℃, 850 ℃, 950 ℃) and different atmospheres (CH4, CO+H2) in the chemical-looping combustion process are studied in a bench scale fluidized bed. In addition, the effects of water vapor and CO2 on carbon deposition characteristics are also studied. Experimental results show that carbon deposition of Fe-based oxygen carriers is observed under both CH4 and CO+H2 atmospheres. The amount of carbon deposits is smaller under CO+H2 atmosphere than that under CH4 atmosphere. The amount of carbon deposits reduces with the increase in temperature and the minimum amount appears at the temperature of 850 ℃ under CO+H2 atmosphere. Carbon deposition can be restrained by the addition of water vapor and CO2 with the effect of water vapor apparently better than CO2.",1
"To study the properties of two direct coal derived liquefaction initial product , the true boiling point (TBP) curve and 17 narrow fractions were obtained using the TBP distillation apparatus, and density, recative molecular mass, elemental composition and the critical property of narrow fractions were investigated. The results showed that the difference between fractional compositions of two coal derived liquefaction initial product is small. Meanwhile, the differences between relative molecular mass, density, and elemental composition of narrow fractions in two samples are both small. At last, the critical properties of two products calculated by Riazi-Daubert method are similar, and showed the same trend that the critical temperature and critical volume increased and the critical pressure decreased with cut temperature.",1
"In direct liquefaction the gas-phase product of Wucaiwan coal (WCW) and its individual macerals (vitrinite:WCWV, inertinite:WCWI) was analyzed. The direct liquefaction reaction was investigated in 0.05 L microautoclave, meanwhile the composition of the gaseous products was analyzed by gas chromatography. At 380 ℃, the order of gas yield is: WCWV>WCWI>WCW; at 420 ℃, the order of gas yield is: WCWV>WCW>WCWI. For the three samples, the content of C1-C4 and COx varied differently with the temperature increased in the liquefaction process. For WCW, the content of C1-C4 and COx increased apparently with temperature increased, for WCWI, the content increased slightly, for WCWV, the content showed a decreasing behaviour. The distribution of liquefied gas products was studied, hydrocarbons gas content order is: CH4>C2H6>C3H8>C4H10, among them, CH4 and C2H6 gas accounts for about 67% and 22%, the total content of C1-C4 gas is about three times of COx gas; the content of CO2 reach up to 69% in COx gas. Gas phase product generally presents rich alkanes, rich methane and rich carbon dioxide.",0
"Long flame coal and its pyrolysis blue-coke are used to prepare briquettes based on several kinds of binders, and the forming mechanism of briquettes was studied by XRD and SEM. The results showed that the best optimum formula for AB composite binder is following: while the added amount is 11% and the mass ratio of A and B is 5∶3, corresponding briquette has high strength and waterproofing. The composite binder convert into hydration phase C, which can stably existence and closely combine with the coal or blue-coke particles and further make briquette possess higher strength. Moreover, there are more C and better combination between C and those particles in the blue-coke briquette than long flame briquette, which result in the higher strength of the former than the latter.",1
"Removal of quinoline-insolubles in high temperature coal tar by solvent-sedimentation with xylene and solvent oil as solvent was analyzed. The effects of the ratio of aromatic hydrocarbon and aliphatic hydrocarbon, solvent ratio, sedimentation time and sedimentation temperature on the QI content and the yield of refined coal tar were investigated. The results show that the higher sedimentation temperature and the longer sedimentation time is conducive to QI removal within a certain range; the yield of refined coal tar increased and the QI content decreased firstly and then increased with the ratio of aromatic hydrocarbon and aliphatic hydrocarbon increased; the QI content decreased and the yield of refined coal tar increased firstly and then decreased with the solvent ratio increased. When the solvent ratio is 1, the ratio of aromatic hydrocarbon and aliphatic hydrocarbon is 0.6, sedimentation 2 h at 75 ℃, the yield of tar can reached 75.48%, the separation of QI can reached 87.7%, the QI content is reduced to 0.178%.",0
"Phenolic resin was used as the modifier and the method of blending was used to modify coal tar pitch. The pyrolysis characteristics of coal tar pitch modified with different blending ratio were investigated by TG-FTIR. The results show that with the increase of the content of phenolic resin, n(H)∶n(C) in the modified coal tar pitch decreases gradually, and the intensity of the transmission peak at 2 953 cm-1 (—CH3) and 2 924 cm-1 (—CH2—) is gradually decreased; while the intensity of the transmission peak at 1 512 cm-1 (benzene ring CC) ,1 232 cm-1 (aromatic ether bond =C—O—C) and 1 101 cm-1 (aliphatic ether =C—O—C) gradually increased; the initial weight loss temperature of modified coal tar pitch increases gradually and the maximum weight loss rate decreases gradually; the content of the volatile matter in the modified coal tar pitch is separated from the wide temperature range, and the actual weight loss rate of the modified coal tar pitch is more than the theoretical weight loss rate. The phenolic resin and coal tar pitch were cross-linked, the addition of phenolic resin decreased the release amount of aromatic hydrocarbons, aliphatic hydrocarbons and CH4, and the precipitation of the volatile products occurred in a wider range of pyrolysis temperature, and the release amount of aromatic hydrocarbons and CH4 is extended from low temperature to high temperature.",0
"The basic properties of light and heavy oil of Shaanxi Shenmu low temperature coal tar were determined. The coal tar was cut into four fractions of <220 ℃, 220 ℃-260 ℃, 260 ℃-300 ℃ and >300 ℃ by atmospheric distillation. The extraction of phenol from three fractions of <220 ℃, 220 ℃-260 ℃ and 260 ℃-300 ℃ was studied with the method of acid and alkali, and total phenol content and minimum soda-oil ratio was determined. The optimum soda washed conditions was determined by orthogonal experiment, and under optimal conditions, the total yield of phenol of light oil fraction segments corresponding 92.23%, 89.99% and 87.91%; heavy oil fraction segments corresponding to a yield of 94.60% of total phenols, 91.88% and 90.73%. The properties of phenol formaldehyde resin synthesized by the mixture was studied, and phenol resin of light and heavy oil’s viscosity and solid content were 3.18 Pa·s, 3.73 Pa·s and 79.39%, 82.15%.",0
"Granular activated carbon was made from Ningxia Lingwu bituminous coal, Guizhou lean coal, bagasse char and additives in this study. An orthogonal experiment method was employed to research the optimum preparation conditions. The effect of coal type, blending ratio of coal and additives on caramel decolorizing rate of the resulted activated carbon was studied. The results show that the optimum conditions are as following: the ratio of Ningxia Lingwu coal to Guizhou coal 8∶2, the bagasse char proportion 20%, the ammonium polyphosphate proportion 8%, the proportion of Na3PO4 1%, the carbonization temperature 550 ℃, the activation temperature 930 ℃, the burn-off rate 70%, at which the granular activated carbon is 97.1% in caramel decolorization rate, 0.37 cm3/g in micropore volume, 0.28 cm3/g in mesopore volume, 0.068 cm3/g in the pore volume between 2.6 nm-4.8 nm, and 2.81 nm in average pore diameter respectively. Pore structure analysis show that the micropore is negative to adsorb pigments in the sugar, the mesopore is helpful to improve the decolorization performance, and the pore volume between 2.6 nm-4.8 nm has significant effect on decolorization.",1
"Xinjiang coal was used to prepare porous carbon directly through one-step steam activation. The effects of activation time and particle sizes of the raw material on the activation process were investigated. Meanwhile, the effect of removing ash before and after activation was compared. The results show that the specific surface area of the activated carbon can reach 1 300 m2/g with a high yield of 30% at the optimal activation time of 120 min and particle sizes of raw materials in the range of 150 μm-180 μm. It’s suitable for removal of ash after activation. The capacitive performance of the resulting porous carbon was evaluated as electrodes in supercapacitor. In 6 mol/L KOH electrolyte, the capacitance of 149 F/g can be obtained in a three-electrode system. The assembled supercapacitor cell presents superb cycle stability and almost no capacitance decay is observed after a consecutive 30 000 cycles.",1
"Blue-coke/polyaniline composite material, which exhibits the double layer capacitance and pseudocapacitance properties, was synthesized after vacuum heat treatment and acid-base deashing respectively and through initiating the in-situ polymerization of aniline in the pores or on the surface of blue-coke. FTIR, proximate analysis of blue-coke, conductivity and capacitance tests showed that the weak interaction between blue-coke and small molecule organic compounds can be destroyed, small molecule organic compounds was removed and specific capacitance of blue-coke/polyaniline was enhanced effectively when vacuum heat treatment at low temperature. The specific capacitance and the energy density of blue-coke/polyaniline can increased to 169.4 F/g and 24.1 Wh/kg. The wettability of aniline and specific capacitance was reduced and interfacial interaction between polyaniline and blue-coke was weaken when deashing treatment of blue-coke.",1
"X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was used to analyze the nitrogen and sulfur occurrence of Shenmu coal and Shenmu char. Gaseous products in combustion of Shenmu coal and Shenmu char were studied with online thermogravimetry-mass spectrum (TG-MS) system by equivalent characteristic spectrum analysis (ECSA). The nitrogen morphology in Shenmu coal and Shenmu char is in the following descending order: N-5, N-6, N-Q and N-X.NH3 and HCN are detected out as the major precursors of NOx, while the volume of HCN is larger than that of NH3 for both Shenmu coal and Shenmu char. NO and NO2 emissions are lower for Shenmu char than those of Shenmu coal. The sulfur morphology in Shenmu coal and Shenmu char is in the following descending order: S1, S2 and S3. H2S and COS are detected out as the major precursors of SO2 in combustion of Shenmu coal. COS and SO2 are not detected out in the combustion of Shenmu char. Nitrogen and sulfur-containing gases are released earlier for Shenmu coal than that for Shenmu char, and the volumetric flow rates are much greater for Shenmu coal than that for Shenmu char.",1
"Desulfurization of Wuhai coal was carried out by microwave combined with sodium hydroxide solution. By the orthogonal experiment, the best desulfurization condition was ascertained, and the effect factors of desulfurization such as coal particle size, concentration of sodium hydroxide solution, microwave irradiation time and irradiation power were investigated. What’s more, the desulfurization mechanism with this method was also analyzed. Through the comparative analysis to the spectrum of SEM, XRD and FTIR, the coal properties before and after the experiment were researched. The results indicated that sulfur of Wuhai coal can be removed off 29.53% by microwave in sodium hydroxide solution, and the coal matrix have no significant changes. What’s more, the microwave dielectric response of solid mixtures were measured with different concentration of sodium hydroxide solution, and the effect of electric field to organic sulfur molecule was simulated and calculated by the software-materials studio.",1
"The low rank coals before and after low temperature drying process were characterized using Fourier-transform infrared spectrometer. Variations in the main functional groups of the low rank coals before and after the drying process were analyzed based on the curve-fitting analysis. It was found that the aliphatic hydrocarbons in the coals after the drying process disappear gradually with the increasing drying temperature. Compared with the methyl groups, the methylene groups with higher activity were preferably oxidized in the low temperature drying process. The main oxygen functional groups containing the carboxyl groups, hydroxyl groups, carbonyl groups and ethers decrease with the increasing drying temperature. The carboxyl groups decrease quickly with the increasing drying temperature and the carbonyl groups are more stable than the other functional groups. The aromatic C=C groups of Yimin (YM) coal decompose at 230 ℃. While, the aromatic C=C groups of Tianchinengyuan (TC) coal decompose at 190 ℃. It can be deduced that the metamorphic grade of low rank coal increases with the increasing temperature during the drying process, which improve the coal rank to some extent.",1
"Hypercoal was extracted by NMP at 380 ℃ from lignite, long flame coal, gas coal and fat coal. The structural changes of hypercoal were characterized by means of ultimate analysis, FTIR, TG and the classified extraction test at room temperature. The effect of coal rank on the thermoplasticity of hypercoal was studied by TG and Gieseler fluidity test. The results showed that, compared to raw coal, there is more hydrocarbons in hypercoal, so it has better thermoplasticity and caking ability. The caking index of hypercoal from non-caking coal can reach 90 or more. With the increase of raw coal rank, the aliphatic hydrocarbons and oxygen-containing materials in hypercoal reduced, aromatics increased, average molecular weight get larger, weight loss reduced. Blending hypercoal which prepared from low rank coal into Tangshan 1/3 coke coal, the softening point of mixed coal reduced, and the thermoplasticity of mixed coal improved with the rise of coal rank of hypercoal.",1
"Based on the principle of “similarity”, ultrasonic microwave synergistic extractions of different metamorphic degree raw coal and tectonic coal were conducted using chloroform as a solvent, and Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy(FTIR), chromatography column chromatography and mass spectrometry (GC-MS)methods were applied to analyze the structure and composition of extracts. The results reveal that: as the increase of coal metamorphism degree, raw coal extraction rate is less than tectonic coal as a whole, the raw coal extraction rate showed a trend of decrease, and the tectonic coal extraction rate increased, which mainly depends on the change in the evolution process of coal body structure. The dissolution behavior of extracts presents stage and explosive, fatty substances is particularly evident, which has a relationship with the occurrence of small molecules from different metamorphic degree tectonic coal. Chromatography mass spectrometry and infrared spectroscopy consistent predictable results, the extraction yield of aliphatic hydrocarbons is much higher than that of aromatic hydrocarbons. At the same time, the cause of coal-formed hydrocarbon are discussed by the microscopic theory of hydrocarbon generation and chemical kinetics theory, and the chromatographic theory describes the migration of hydrocarbons.",1
"Based on the fragmentation model of single particle pulverized coal, the method for characterizing fragmentation level by using fragmentation ratio was proposed. The first-step fragmentation in pyrolysis process was studied by simulation with setting outside-in circles in the cross-section. Therefore, the mesh of model was also drawn according to the concentric circles. It is found that the diameter of coal particle is a key influence factor for its fragmentation. The smaller the diameter is, the bigger the specific surface area becomes; the higher pressure with the same swelling stress is, the more obvious fragmentation behavior appears. The swelling stress in pyrolysis process becomes higher with the increase of volatile content. Meanwhile, the void ratio also increases because of the separation of gaseous volatile from the wall of coal, which reduces the yield strength of coal particle and makes the fragmentation easier. The temperature gradient in the initial step enlarges with the increase of combustion temperature. Hence, the devolatilization becomes faster and the swelling stress increases, which makes the fragmentation happen.",1
"The infrared spectroscopy and isothermal heating pyrolysis experiment were performed to study the main molecular structure and pyrolysis characteristics of Dongsheng and Yallourn lignite. The main work was done to investigate the influence of pyrolysis temperature on pyrolysis gas composition, gas yield and gas heating value. The results show that both lignites had abundant aliphatic hydrocar structure and oxygen containing functional groups. The content of CO and H2 increase gradually with the increasing of pyrolysis temperature, and CO2 content of gas reducing dramatically. The calorific value and yield of the gas increased accordingly. During the pyrolysis, Dongsheng lignite have a higher yield of H2, and it is more suitable as raw material for hydrogen production.Under the same temperature, the calorific value of pyrolysis gas obtained from isothermal heating is higher than that of programmed temperature.",0
"This paper builds a new calculation model adapted for underground coal gasification (UCG) process, which is based on comprehensive calculation method that divides the UCG process into carbonization and gasification, combines with the related theories of calculation method of reaction equilibrium, introduces the equilibrium constant equations of CO2 reduction and the reaction of carbon with steam, and considers the particularly factors influence of UCG process including methane emission, groundwater permeation, mining rate of working face, gasifier drainage, heat transfer of surrounding rock and gas leakage. The model is used for simulating calculation of Huating UCG field experiments, and the results are compared with measured data, which reflect the vast majority of relative errors between the theoretical value and measured value are less than 5%, showing high accuracy. This model could be used for prophase research of UCG projects, to provide scientific reference for design and selection of relevant technological parameters.",1
"The feed of Shenhua direct coal liquefaction solvent hydrotreatment unit was used as the hydrotreatment feedstock in this experiment. The activity evaluation of hydrotreatment catalysts for direct coal liquefaction oil hydrotreatment was carried out in the 300 mL fixed bed reactor unit. The results show that compared with the imported catalyset (HTS-358), the domestic catalyst (FFT-1B) has obvious advantages in reducing the density and nitrogen content of the hydrogenated oil and improving the hydrogen-donating ability of the solvent oil. Hydrogen consumption to use the domestic catalyst is 0.2%(mass fraction) higher than that to use the imported catalyst. The cracking activity of the domestic catalyst is lower than that of the imported catalyst. Hydrogenation active metals content in the domestic catalyst are 20% higher than that in the imported catalyst.",0
"The catalytic hydrogenation experiment on direct coal liquefaction (DCL) oil was carried out in a fixed-bed reactor using Ni-W/γ-Al2O3 catalyst, which aims to investigate the effects of reaction temperature and hydrogen pressure on the distribution of gas and liquid products. The results showed that the contents of hydroaromatics and alkanes increased with the raising of temperature. When the temperature was over 500 ℃, methane and ethane contents increased sharply which indicated drastic crack reaction occurred under the condition. The hydroaromatics increased with increasing reaction pressure, while the increase was alleviated when the pressure was over 4 MPa. The methane content increased with higher pressure. The analysis of distillates and elements of the feed oil and liquid products (300 ℃, 4 MPa) indicated that the volume fraction of light oil increased from 11% to 17%; the catalyst activities of HDN, HDS and HDO were 35.56%, 72.73% and 24.20%, respectively. The n(H)∶n(C) in the liquid oil was increased from 1.37 to 1.52.",0
"Powdered blue-coke as the main raw material, chunks of coal briquette were made by stamping methods with addition of adhesion bituminous coal and binder, and then made into formed coke in the tunnel kiln carbonizing. The formed coke was used as the main raw material in cupola smelting iron. Experimental results show that: the Shenmu powdered blue-coke as the main raw material obtained good dropping strength, 97.0% and 97.0%; the formed coke via a tunnel kiln carbonizing had dropping strength (91.0% and 93.5%), fixed carbon content (86.5% and 88.2%), calorific value (22.77 kJ/g and 27.81 kJ/g); and when it was used in cupola, the pressure reduced, breathability significantly improved, melting temperature of hot metal reached 1 421 ℃ and 1 418 ℃, good effect of smelting iron was obtained, which met the casting requirements fully.",1
"Lignite blue coke powder from Xinjiang Hami Sandaoling was formed with composite binder to prepare molding metellurgical coke. The components ratio of blinder for formed coke was optimized by measuring the cold and thermal strength of the products. The effects of temperature and pressure on the compressive strength were investigated and the surface morphologies of the formed coke at different carbonization temperatures were studied by SEM. The results indicated that the optimum composition of the binder was 3.65% starch, 2.81% pitch, 0.33% organic calcium, 0.49% Fe2O3, 34% water. The compressive strength of formed coke increased with increasing pressure during briquetting. With the increase of temperature, the compressive strength of formed coke reduced significantly at 300 ℃-500 ℃, while then increased at 500 ℃-900 ℃. The strength at low temperature mainly came from physical interactions such as van der Waals forces and  electrostatic force, with the increase of temperature, the bridge bonding formed by pyrolysis of starch and pitch was the main reason. As temperature increased over 500 ℃, the compressive strength was enhanced by the bonding reaction from organic calcium and Fe2O3 with char particles.",1
"This paper introduces the application and performance optimization of low-nitrogen combustion technology in nitro oxides(NOx) emissions control for a lean-coal fired 300 MW tangentially fired boiler. Effects of the combination of low-nitrogen burner, air-staged combustion technology and tertiary air down-operating technology on the control of NOx emissions are studied. The experimental results indicate that after the retrofit on the combustion system by the application of new type low-nitrogen burner together with air-staged combustion and tertiary air down-operating, the NOx emission concentration at the entry of SCR-denitration system can be lowed to around 460 mg/m3 (O2=6% O2, dry) from 1 100 mg/m3 (O2=6% O2, dry). The NOx emission concentration drops by more than 50% averagely, which proves that the retrofit is effective. The retrofit solution and experimental results can be taken as a reference for the low NOx retrofit and performance optimization of lean coal-fired boilers.",1
"The purified pitch whose ash content lower than 0.03% was prepared by solvent method with medium temperature coal pitch as raw material, aromatic hydrocarbons and alkane as solvent, the spinning asphalt which softening point was 250 ℃ was prepared using methods of the air purge, high temperature thermal polycondensation and blown film evaporation; the softening point, isotropy, the microstructure morphology of the carbon fiber was characterized. Using polarization microscope, heating stage ,scanning electron microscope (SEM), the effect of aromatic hydrocarbons and alkane ratio, temperature and time on preparing purified pitch, and the effect of temperature, air purging on isotropy of pitch after polymerization were studied. The results showed that the aromatic hydrocarbons and alkane ratio, subsidence temperature and time had great influenced on the purification of pitch, and air purge to a certain extent could improve the molecular weight of asphalt, guarantee the production rate of pitch, temperature control under 360 ℃ would prevent the formation of mesophase.",1
"The humic acid(HA) extraction experiment was carried out with three regions lignite of Zhaotong(ZT), Xiaolongtan(XLT) and Xianfeng(XF) as raw material. Factors such as content of humic acid in coal sample, yield of humic acid product and quality were the analytical indicators to investigate the adaptability of lignite. Comprehensive evaluation was conducted by the proximate analysis and content of oxygen-containing functional group. The experimental results showed that yield of humic acid of three kinds of lignite were 76.13%, 47.61% and 43.48%, respectively; and the proximate analysis indicated that the ash yield(16.83%) of humic acid product of Zhaotong lignite was relatively higher than the other two, which the ash yield was 6.66% and 4.63%, respectively. For the oxygen-containing functional group in humic acid product, especially for the content of total acid group and carboxyl group, there was less difference among three kinds of lignite. But the content of functional group in extraction residue of Zhaotong lignite was far less than that in extraction residue of Xiaolongtan lignite and Xianfeng lignite, which meaned Zhaotong lignite was suitable for humic acid extraction.",1
"In this study, char supported Fe-based sorbents were prepared by ultrasonic assisted co-precipitation method, the desulfurization and regeneration performance of the char supported sorbents were investigated in a fixed-bed quartz reactor, and the crystal phases, functional groups of fresh sorbents and the sorbents before and after regeneration were analyzed by X-ray diffraction (XRD) and Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectrometry. The results showed that the char supported Fe-Zn-Cu sorbent had the best performance during desulfurization and regeneration. The addition of Zn and Cu significantly improved the desulfurization performance. The sorbents which were regenerated by steam showed good stability and maintained good desulfurization performance after several sulfidation-regeneration cycles.",1
"In this paper, the fast pyrolysis of Inner Mongolia Yangshita bituminous coal with circulating ash as the solid heat carrier was carried out in a bench scale reactor, and the effects of the pyrolysis temperature on nitrogen distribution in products were investigated. The results showed that the nitrogen in coal was released into the gas phase only in the form of NH3 and HCN at the range of 530 ℃-660 ℃, and no N2 was detected. The circulating ashes had no obvious catalytic effects on the cracking of nitrogen heterocyclics in tar and char, but it could fix part of NH3 and HCN released during pyrolysis in ash. Comparing with the inert heat carrier, the yields of HCN-N and NH3-N decreased by 24.53% and 29.86% when the coal was pyrolyzed at 600 ℃ using circulating ash as heat carrier. Furthermore, the main influencing factors in circulating ash were also investigated by adding the alkaline earth metals into the inert quartz sand.",0
"In this paper, a kind of Ningxia paper making sludge and coal mixture with different ratios was investigated. Thermal analysis coupled with mass spectrometry was used for the characterization of samples and identified the volatiles evolved during the heating of the sample up to 1 000 ℃ under combustion condition. The transformation of eight kinds of heavy metals(Pb, Cr, Cu, Zn, Ni, Mn, Hg and As) also investigated by atomic absorption spectrometer and atomcic fluorescence spectrometer, respectively. The results show that the paper making sludge and coal mixture burning stability, the amount of heavy metals in the ash after burning in line with GB 4284-1984, will not cause secondary pollution to soil and water conservation. Part of heavy metals migrate in the flue gas during combustion, therefore should adopt the way of adsorption and dust removal combination to deal with flue gas, avoid atmospheric pollution during the recycling of the sludge.",1
"The Mn-Ce/TiO2 monolithic honeycomb catalyst was prepared by sol-gel method. We explored the effect of different process conditions on the catalytic activity of Mn-Ce/TiO2 catalyst when it was applied in removing of NOx in flue gas. The experimental results indicated that the catalytic activities of catalyst were significantly affected by the high volume fraction of NO, space velocity ratio and O2 volume fraction. Transient response experiment showed that the NO react with strong adsorption of NH3 in the form of gas or a few weak adsorption state. Oxygen played an important role in SCR process and promoted the generation of surface chemisorptions oxygen. O2 not only promoted the surface oxygen generation on the catalyst, complemented lattice oxygen, but also promoted the adsorption of NO.",1
"Taken lean coal of Huoerxinhe coalmine in Shanxi as object, coal samples are extracted by different solvent using the way of solvent extraction. The extracts and residues are analyzed by column chromatography and X-ray diffraction(XRD) respectively. The results show that the highest extraction rate is by tetrahydrofuran(THF), next is by carbon disulfide(CS2), acetone and ethanol, the lowest extraction rate is by benzene. Except the extract of CS2, the content of total hydrocarbon is higher than the content of non-hydrocarbon in the extract of other solvents. Meanwhile, as the effect of extraction enhances, the mass fraction of non-hydrocarbon compound increases. After solvents extraction, the value of the aromatic lamellae spacing(d002),  stack height (Lc) and layer numbers (N) in the basic structure units of residues increase, but the value of the diameter (La) of residues decrease compared with microcrystalline structure parameters of the unextracted coal.",1
"Thermal expansion property of three lignites were determined using static thermo-mechanical analysis (TMA), and the effect of coal characteristics on thermal expansion property was analyzed. The influence of different loading ways of force, temperature, coal characteristics on the fragmentation behavior, and correlation between thermal expansion and fragmentation were researched through roller drying experiments. The results show that the thermal expansion property varies among three lignites, maximum expansion and shrinkage was positively related to raw coal moisture.In drying process, coupling loading way of thermal and mechanical force produced a synergistic effect than single loading way, thermal force caused the evolution of pore and crack structure, mechanical strength of particle was reduced, and external mechanical force made fragmentation phenomenon more pronounced meanwhile quantity of fine particles increased significantly. Thermal expansion and fragmentation characteristics of lignite had negative correlation, the higher the raw coal moisture content, the stronger the thermal expansion property, more prone to breakage and pulverization.",1
"Based on the extraction and stripping method and inbuilt model of coal structure, all group components of Huaibei Tongting coal, Xuzhou coal and Pingdingshan coal were extracted fractionally by solvents of n-hexane, methanol, acetone, chloroform, CS2 and THF in proper order. The extracts of all levels were analyzed by GC-MS.The results show that dissolution behavior of organohalogen compounds in the extracts mainly appear in the process of chloroform extraction. Dissolved matter mainly includes chloro-substituted aliphatic compounds, chloro(bromo)-substituted aromatic compounds and chloro-substituted heterocyclic compounds, their relative molecular mass is in the range of 94 to 250. The chloro-substituted heterocyclic compounds with smaller pores embedded and network embedded states occurrence are mainly distri-buted in the dense medium and loose medium components; the chloro(bromo)-substituted aromatic compounds with smaller pores embedded state are mainly distributed in the heavy component; the chloro-substituted aliphatic compounds in three different occurrence states are distributed in all group components.",1
"Alkali-acid deashing treatment on Ordos coal at different temperatures is carried out, and the changes of the structure before and after demineralization of coal are compared by elemental analysis, FTIR, TG and SEM. After alkali-acid treatment, the water content and ash content of coal reduce greatly, and the ash content reduce to 0.84% at high temperature (240 ℃). The treatment reduces the oxygen content and meanwhile enhance the carbon content and calorific value of coal. Room temperature alkali-acid treatment could accelerate coal pyrolysis, making the particle size of coal more evenly. High temperature alkali-acid treatment reduces the volatile matter of coal, slows the thermo-gravimetric curve, and promotes polymerization reaction between small molecules, increases the compactness of the coal, therefore the coal surface is rough. It indicates that alkali-acid treatment plays a good role in upgrading coal, and the effect is more remarkable at high temperature.",1
"Based on Gieseler fluidity test of coal as a starting point to research the fluidity property of coal, weighted average fluidity lgFwa and maximum fluidity lgFm are put forward respectively to represent the average and the best quality of gel in the whole stages , and the soft-solid temperature range Tr-Ts is proposed as a parameter to reflect the amount of gel. Beside, a model of comprehensively evaluating the property of gel is proposed by factor analysis, as a result, a new fluidity index F is reported. The relationships between index F and the properties of coal have better regularity than that of lgFm. Index F is verified to be a comprehensive reflection of the fluidity property for coal.",1
"In order to understand the sulfur transformation characteristic of Fuan coal pyrolysis in the poly-generation process of circulating fluidized combustion combined with coal pyrolysis, the effect of temperature, heating rate and solid heat carrier on sulfur distribution in products were investigated in a fixed bed reactor with solid heat carrier. The ash and gasification char show a significant action on sulfur retention, about 40% sulfur in coal is transferred into solid heat carrier at 650 ℃. The difference of mineral matter forms in ash and char cause higher sulfur retention in char, but the difference decreases with the increase of pyrolysis temperature. Compared to temperature programmed, higher temperature avails to reactions between Fe2O3 and CO, H2 to form FeO, so more sulfur is retained in solid heat carrier in rapid pyrolysis.",0
"This article mainly studied the pyrolysis characteristics of lignite, biomass, and the mixture of lignite and biomass through analyzing thermogravimetric, to investigate whether there is a synergistic effect between biomass and lignite co-pyrolysis process. The results showed that the temperature of initial pyrolysis and the maximal volatiles released peak was equal to the single biomass under the condition of 1∶1 proportionally-mixed of lignite and biomass, the final pyrolysis temperature brought forward in a large margin compared with lignite, and the weight loss rate of mixture pyrolysis in different stages were greater than the mean value of single biomass. In addition, the pyrolysis process of lignite, biomass and the mixture of lignite and biomass were described by first and second level reaction kinetics model, and it was found that the activation energy of different temperature ranges of mixture were less than that of the single lignite or biomass in the main process of pyrolysis by calculating the kinetic parameter, and the pyrolysis was proceed easily. It proves that biomass has auxo-action for the pyrolysis of lignite, and the synergistic effect exists in co-pyrolysis of lignite and biomass.",0
"Co-pyrolysis of waste tyre and coal was performed using thermal gravimetric analyzer, and the effects of blending ratio and heating rate on the weight loss characteristics of mixture were analyzed. The results show that the violent polycondensation reaction occurred in the pyrolysis of coal and waste tyre separately, and the DTG curves overlap at 400 ℃-480 ℃. Adding waste tyre can promote the coal pyrolysis, with the mass fraction of waste tyre increase, the peak zone of coal pyrolysis gradually moves towards the low temperature zone, and the weight loss rate continuously improves. The co-pyrolysis experiment of mixture in different heating rate show that increasing heating rate can promote the pyrolysis reaction in lower heating rate range (15 K/min-20 K/min); when the heating rate is too high (>20 K/min), it can make the volatile in the sample particles produced by pyrolysis too late to escape and appear cage effect, so as to reduce the weightlessness rate of the samples.",0
"The dominant impact factors of combustion performance of semi-coke were discussed by thermo-gravimetric analysis. The mechanism of difference in combustion performance of semi-coke was revealed by specific surface area and pore structure analyzer and scanning electron microscopy. The results demonstrate that pyrolysis environment is an important factor of the combustion performance of semi-coke. For the same coal, the combustion performance of semi-coke deteriorates with the increase of temperature and time during the pyrolysis process and can be predicted via the fuel ratio of semi-coke. But the fuel ratio can’t be used to predict the combustion performance of semi-coke from different coals. Internal moisture content of coal is the key influence factor of combustion performance of semi-coke and can be used to predict the combustion performance of semi-coke. BET specific surface area and micro surface features of semi-coke are the main cause affecting its combustion performance, and closely related to the air-dried moisture content of pyrolysis coal.",1
"In this paper, the underground gasification process of Hebi bituminous coal is simulated using UCG experimental system, and the residual char is collected after the UCG. The leaching behavior of pollutants in the residual char in underground water is investigated. The results show that the leaching solution of residual char in UCG contains organic pollutants (e.g. volatile phenol) and inorganic pollutants such as heavy metal ions of Cd, Pb, As, Cr, Cu, Ni, Zn, etc. The leaching temperature and time are the important factors to affect the pollution concentration in leaching solution of residual char. When the leaching temperature is 45 ℃ and leaching time is 8 h, the mass concentrations of volatile phenol, total organic carbon (TOC) and chemical oxygen demand (COD) in leaching solution of residual char reach 0.03 mg/L, 5.07 mg/L, 7.48 mg/L, respectively, and the concentration of heavy metal ions is ranging from 4.0 μg/L to 73.4 μg/L. The groundwater may be subjected to pollute through large-scale UCG.",1
"Taking Xinjiang Fukang Xigou coal as the research object, we investigated the mixed solvent of methanol (MET) and wash oil (WO) under alcoholysis condition, alcoholysis behavior of alcohol-alkali system and liquefied performance of alcoholysis residue, and compared the results with that of direct liquefaction of coal samples. The results showed that θ=320 ℃, t=60 min, m(solvent)∶m(coal)=10∶1, mass ratio mMET∶mWO=8∶2 was appropriate alcoholysis condition. Under this condition, alcoholysis rate was 21.8%. When alkali-coal ratio=0.8∶1, alcoholysis rates were 51.3%, 27.4% respective after adding NaOH or CaO as alcoholysis catalyst. When wash oil was used as hydrogen-donor solvent, we directly liquefied alcoholysis residue and compared with the results of the direct liquefaction of coal samples, the total liquid yield of the coal samples of direct liquefaction was 62.3%, and the total liquid yield of zero-alkali alcoholysis, CaO alcoholysis, NaOH alcoholysis were 71.0%, 72.7% and 83.2%, increased by 8.7%, 10.4% and 20.9% respectively. Meanwhile, alcoholysis products were used for FTIR and TG-DTG, SEM characterization, and the gas products from catalytic alcoholysis and direct liquefaction of coal samples were used for GC analysis.",1
"Effects of various iron-based composite catalysts on the mild liquefaction characteristics of Hongliulin coal were investigated using batch autoclave. Ultimate analysis and FTIR were used to study the elemental compositions and functional groups of preasphaltenes (PA) and asphaltenes (AS) produced with different catalysts. The results showed that under the mild liquefaction conditions (reaction tempreture 430 ℃ and initial hydrogen pressure 4.0 MPa), the catalytic activity of γ-FeOOH can be improved significantly by mixing other catalysts, and the catalytic activity of ternary composite catalysts were better than that of binary composite catalysts. Compared with γ-FeOOH, the oil yields were increased by 3.88% and 6.12% under the optimal binary and ternary catalysts. The composite catalysts could promote the hydrogenation of PA and AS simultaneously, especially the hydrogenation of AS.",1
"Zhaotong lignite was taken as study object in this paper. After pretreatment, white rot fungus Coriolus versicolor was used to liquefy and its bio-solubilized lignite was analyzed by 13C NMR subsequently. Results show that lignite without pretreatment cannot be liquefied at all, while nitric acid oxidized lignite plays strong liquefaction. Liquefaction in DOX culture is about 10 times as that in SMB culture. Besides, liquefaction in shake table is better than that in standing condition, while shaking with 120 r/min is worse than that with 60 r/min because more bloom of hypha body growth. According to 13C NMR spectrum, bio-solubilized Zhaotong lignite contains oxygen-containing functional groups such as ≡C—O—(80.7×10-6), —CH2—O—(59.0×10-6) and —COOR(179.6×10-6) et al, which attributes to oxidation reaction in bio-solubilization of Zhaotong lignite by white rot fungus Coriolus versicolor.",1
"K2CO3 and Na2CO3 were added to coking blending coal, and the tamping coke were then prepared from these blending coals. The technological properties of coking coal and thermal properties of coke were tested. The effect of potassium and sodium on the pyrolysis of coking coal were analyzed using DTG, and the influence of potassium and sodium on the properties of coke were studied using XRD and SEM. The studies showed that w(Vdaf) of the coking coal increased, but the G and Y decreased with the increase of the added amount of potassium and sodium. Weight lessness peak appeared in the DTG curve of the coking coal at 200 ℃, and the rate of pyrolysis increased between 400 ℃ and 600 ℃ because of potassium and sodium. The cold-state strength of coke reduced, the thermal properties of coke became worse, the Lc of coke decreased, the La of coke had almost not changed, the d002 of coke increased, and the graphitization degree of coke decreased with the increase of the added amount of potassium and sodium. The high levels of potassium and sodium made coke destructed by CO2 more easily, thus reducing the structural strength of coke.",1
"The inoculum was selective culture by controlling the domesticated conditions. The changes of pH, SCOD and co-F420 of sludge in the process of domestication, as well as the daily gas production and total gas production were analyzes. The results show the optimal domestication plan coenzyme for inoculum is 35 ℃ temperature, feed rate of 2 g/d, and domestication time 30 d. The maximum value of co-F420 is 0.037 3 mmol/g on the 20th day, far greater than that of the control group P0 0.011 0 mmol/g on the 19th day, which reveals that the domesticated inoculum can help anaerobic microorganisms enrichment, especially the methanogenic bacteria. This experiment can open up new ways to peat transformed into biomethane, expand additional coal resources for coal gasification.",1
"Using Taixi coal and coal-based activated carbon as carbon source, sodium silicate as silicon source and Fe(NO3)3·9H2O as catalyst, nano-silicon carbide powder was produced by sol-gel method via carbonthermal reduction way. The effect of n(Fe)∶n(Si) on the crystal phase and morphology were researched by means of XRD, SEM and BET. The results showed that, the stacking faults of SiC decreased with the increasing value of n(Fe)∶n(Si) when using Taixi coal as coal source and the morphology of SiC changed from partial whisker to nanoparticles in the meantime. On the other hand, when using coal-based activated carbon as carbon source, all the silicon carbide produced had a weaker stacking fault relatively and its size increased slightly when the value of n(Fe)∶n(Si) increased and its grain size maintained between 50 nm-100 nm.",1
"The dissolution of metal ions such as Fe, Al, Ca, Mg, K and Ti from coal gangue were investigated under two different activation ways, thermal activation and thermal activation with Na2CO3 as additive. Hydrochloric acid was used as leach media. ICP-OES was used to determine the metal ion concentration in the aqueous phase. XRD and IR were used to analyze the mineral components in the coal gangue samples before and after activation, as well as the leaching residues. The dissolution properties of the metal ions were explained according to the mineral existence form of the metals in the coal gangue. The results show that Al, Fe, Ca and Mg can be quantitatively dissolved from the coal gangue after thermal activation. Only 31% of K can be dissolved in the experimental condition, while Ti can be barely dissolved. Thermal activation with Na2CO3 as additive can promote Al dissolution, the impurity metals ions like K, Ti and Na were largely dissolved into the leach liquor at the same time, which brings difficulty to prepare high-purity of aluminum products. The dissolution characteristics were specially investigated for the thermal activated coal gangue. By pre-leaching the activated coal gangue sample in 6 mol/L hydrochloric acid for less than 5 min can remove most of the impurity metal ions, by pre-leaching the activated coal gangue sample in ≤1 mol/L hydrochloric acid first can remove Ca and Mg, then in ≥8 mol/L hydrochloric acid can removal Fe.",1
"Dibenzyl sulfide (DBS) and dibenzyl disulfide (DBDS) were selected as the model sulfur-containing organic compounds, and diphenylmethane (DPM) methylene was employed as the active hydrogen source, the effects of reaction temperature on the breaking of Calkyl—S bound in DBS and Calkyl—S and S—S bonds in DBDS and on the heat transfer of sulfur were investigated. The results show that the Calkyl—S bond in DBS doesn’t break below 200 ℃, whereas it can effectively break above 225 ℃. For the model compound DBDS, Calkyl—S and S—S bonds can effectivley break at 200 ℃. The reaction mechanism is considered as radical reaction, the heat transfer paths of sulfur in two kinds of compounds are very similar. The main heat breaking products are toluene (PhMe), diphenylethene (DPE), diphenylethane (DPEA) and triphenylethene (TPE), and there are very little amount of other orgnic sulfur-containing compounds. This work indicates that the Calkyl—S bond in DBS and Calkyl—S and S—S bonds in DBDS can effectively break under relatively mild conditions, the thermally breaking sulfur can mainly move out in the form of H2S and another little amount of sulfur is transferred to other sulfur-containing orgnic compounds.",1
"The adsorption mechanism of lignite surface oxygen containing functional groups adsorbing water molecules was studied using the quantum chemistry density functional theory (DFT). The results show that the hydrogen bonding interaction is the main force. Two hydrogen bonds are formed when water molecule adsorbed on the carboxyl group with the shortest hydrogen bond of 0.173 3 nm. When water molecules adsorbed on the phenol hydroxyl and alcoholic hydroxyl, optimal adsorption configuration is that oxygen containing functional groups act as the hydrogen bond donor and water molecules as the hydrogen bond acceptor, and the hydrogen bonds length are 0.187 6 nm and 0.192 7 nm respectively. When water molecules adsorbed on the carbonyl and ether linkage, the hydrogen bonds are formed with length of 0.196 1 nm and 0.206 0 nm respectively. Mulliken Population analysis show that the oxygen atoms in oxygen containing functional groups acquire electrons, the O—H, C=O and C—O bond are impaired, and the bond length are elongated. The calculation results of adsorption energy agree with the change rule of adsorption equilibrium distance. The order of adsorption strength from large to small for water molecule adsorbed on the oxygen containing functional groups is carboxyl, phenol hydroxyl, alcohol hydroxyl, carbonyl, ether linkage. The result of water molecule adsorbed on phenol hydroxyl in line with the theory of Lennard-Jones, the stable adsorption equilibrium is achieved at a distance of about 0.188 5 nm and the adsorption energy is -45.63 kJ/mol.",1
"High temperature heat treatment for Zhaotong anthracite were conducted under 1 400 ℃, 1 700 ℃, 2 000 ℃, 2 200 ℃, 2 400 ℃ and 2 600 ℃ respectively, and then examined by CA, XRD and SEM methods. The results showed that the moistures, ashes and volatiles content matter of Yunnan anthracite phase transited and lossed with the increment of the heat treatment temperature, and the higher the heat treatment temperature was, the more rapid and thorough the three phase transformation was. Besides, ultra-high temperature heat treatment could make the anthracite transform into graphite anthracite, the fixed carbon would transform from amorphous to crystalline phase, and the higher the heat treatment temperature was, the higher the regularity degree of the internal carbon atoms was, the aromatic layer structure gradually developed perfectly, and thus the higher of the graphitization degree was.",1
"Based on the theory of coal structure chemistry, the carbon composition differences between deformed coal and its demineralized sample were comparatively studied with solid state 13C-NMR analysis. The results show that the impact of mixed acid treatment demineralization on the allocation proportion of aromatic carbons, aliphatic carbons and O-containing functional groups is insignificant, but has some impact on the carbon composition. After demineralization structure ratio increasing obviously included fat methyl carbon, methoxyl/aromatic methoxyl carbon and bridge aromatic carbon, structural damage is obvious; structure reducing significantly includes methylene/methyne carbon, aliphatic carbon bonded to oxygen in cyclic hydrocarbon, alkylated aromatic and protonated aromatic carbon. The important impact of demineralization by mixed acid treatment on deformed coal structure has some changes of aromatic fused ring structure, aromatic cluster size increases in the demineralization samples.",1
"The purpose of this paper was to test the pyrolysis charecteristics of Shenmu bituminous coal and Baorixile lignite at super-high temperature by means of thermogravimetric analysis and different scanning calorimeter. The pyrolysis and gasification of the bituminous coal in CO2 atmosphere was also included in this paper. The study shows that the weight loss rate still remains significant between 1 000 ℃ and 1 600 ℃, in which 4.49% of the lignite and 6.21% of the bituminous coal by weight volatilized. A significant weight loss peak of the lignite between 1 200 ℃ and 1 500 ℃ was observed. At the range of 200 ℃ to 949 ℃ and 969 ℃, the pyrolysis of bituminous coal and lignite are exothermic respectively. Apart from this, the pyrolysis process was mainly endothermic. The maximum net heat released during the pyrolysis of the bituminous coal and lignite was 728 mJ/mg and 1 776 mJ/mg respectively. Below 800 ℃, the pyrolysis in CO2 atmosphere has a strong resemblance to that in N2 atmosphere and the weight losses were also barely different at 800 ℃. But in CO2 atmosphere it is barely exothermic below 800 ℃ and became 3-order reaction in contrast to 1-order and 2-order reaction in N2 atmosphere.",0
"Effects of impregnation of metallic oxides on lignite char gasification were studied using the thermogravimetric analyzer. The characteristics and kinetics of gasification reaction were analyzed. The experimental results show that the temperature and metallic oxides loading are important factors to influence the reaction rate and activation energy during steam gasification of char. As the gasification temperature increasing, the gasification reaction rate increases. Fe-Zn complex oxides catalyzed the gasification reaction of char, and the apparent activation energy of the reaction is reduced to 166.89 kJ/mol under the present experimental conditions.",1
"The gasification reaction tests of 4 different particle sizes of semi-coke and coke were performed in CO2 atmosphere using a STA449F3 simultaneous thermal analyzer at 50 ℃-1 500 ℃. The results show that particle size does not affect the reactivity of semi-coke and coke much. The gasification reaction temperature of semi-coke and coke will be lower as the particle size decreasing, and the gasification reaction goes on easier. But the particle size variation has almost no effect on the volatile releasing temperature and initial reaction temperature of semi-coke. The weight loss of semi-coke is mainly caused by both the precipitation of volatiles and the gasification of fixed carbon, while the coke weight loss is only caused by the fixed carbon gasification. The maximum gasification rate of semi-coke speeds up with the decreasing of particle size, and for the coke the trend is reverse.",1
"Biomass and lignite mixed chars were impregnated with Fe(NO3)3 to get the activated char desulfurization sorbent using co-gasification method. The characteristics of desulfurization sorbent have been investigated by using a fixed bed experimental apparatus. The specific surface area and crystal structure of the sorbents were characterized by BET and XRD before and after desulfurization. The results showed that biomass and lignite co-gasification char supported Fe3O4 has a good desulfurization activity, and the sorbent supported 10% Fe can be reached to the highest desulfurization efficiency and sulfur capacity (764.1 mg/g) in the presence of O2 and H2O. In the process of SO2 adsorption, oxygen was the first chemical adsorbed on the char’s surface, forming C(O) complex which were used as active sites. Metal oxide promoted oxygen chemical adsorption on the char surface to form more active sites which made the oxidation of SO2 to SO3, the generation of sulfuric acid and a small amount of the metal sulfate (Fe2(SO4)3) stored in the char microspore structure in the presence of water vapor.",1
"Based on DFT method, the purpose of this study is to investigate the reaction mechanism during the CO methanation on the Ni(111) surface with sulfur coverage of 0.22. The equilibrium geometries of reactants and all possible intermediates are represented, and the possible elementary reactions from HCO species are listed. Compared with clean Ni(111) surface, the adsorption energy of CO on sulfide surface decreased 0.3 eV, such as CH2, CH3 and HCO, the adsorption energy of these important intermediates decreased respectively 0.11 eV, 0.24 eV and 0.23 eV.By analyzing the energy barriers of six reaction paths on the Ni(111) surface with sulfur coverage of 0.22 mL, it is concluded that the favorable reaction path of CO methanationis: CO+4H→HCO+3H→CH2O+2H→CH3O+H→CH3+H→CH4. However, on clean Ni(111) surface the HCO species tend to be hydrogenated by forming CHOH, this change of methanation route is due to the effect of sulfur.",1
"The moisture distribution of CWS was analyzed by TG-DSC before and after polyaluminium chloride (PAC) adjustment, the effects of PAC dosage on the dewatering performance of coal-water slurry and the feasibility of cross-flow filtration were conducted, PAC adjustment mechanism was discussed according with several indexes such as dewatering rate, Zeta potential, particles potential, size, dynamic stability and slurry viscosity. The filtration performance of tabby polypropylene fabric and geotextile were compared with the membrane flux and pressure change. The results revealed that PAC can significantly increase the dewatering rate of coal water slurry; 0.01% (mass fraction) PAC can meet the requirements of dynamic stability, viscosity and dewatering rate for long-distance pipeline transport and finally gasification device. The cross-flow filtration device can quickly improve the concentration of CWS from 52% to 65%, and the effect of plain polypropylene fabric’s filtration rate and turbidity were better than that of geotextile.",1
"Vector network analyzer was used to investigate the dielectric property of the coal and model compound. The method of XPS was used to investigate the relative amount of thiols/thioethers in coal before and after microwaves radiation.The results showed that 0.5 GHz to 2 GHz microwave frequency could be obtain the best operation parameters of removing the thiols/thioethers organic sulfur, and removal efficiency of thiols/thioethers from coal by microwave irradiation at the frequency of 0.84 GHz and 0.915 GHz is better than that at the frequency of 2.45 GHz.",1
"The isothermal continuous thermal reaction was investigated by mixing with top charging coke and tamping coke. The results showed that tamping coke should be reacted prior to top charging coke by the mixed mass ratio of 3∶1, 2∶1 and 1∶1, the CRI decreased and the CSR improved obviously for top charging coke. With the increase of the mixing ratio of tamping coke, the overall CRI of mixing coke increased and the CSR decreased, while the CRI decreased and the CSR increased for top charging coke, CRI increased and CSR decreased for tamping coke. The actual values of CSR and CRI of mixed cokes were in close agreement with the calculated values in different mixed ratio. So that using the mixed cokes would make high quality coke get protection, and enhance the skeleton function of overall coke.",1
"The characteristics of N2O were studied in the furnace vertical device under different atmospheres (O2/N2 and O2/CO2 atmosphere), different mass ratio of quartz sand and different volume fraction of oxygen. The result shows that the atmospheres have no effect on the N2O yield, with the temperature increasing, the N2O yield decrease significantly (the maximum drop is about 1.96%); after the mass ratio of quartz sand changing, the N2O yield is influenced obviously, when the mass ratio of quartz sand is 50%, the N2O yield at 1 300 ℃ increase about 2.5% compared with adding no quartz sand; under the condition of low oxygen volume fraction (20%), N2O yield is affected by the oxygen volume fraction, but under the condition of high oxygen volume fraction (40%), it is affected by the number of coke particles.",0
"As to the coal with different amount of volatile, the combusting characteristics was studied and the dynamic characteristics was analysed with addition of different amount of se-condary waste which was generated from calcium carbide production process in dectric arc furnace. The results showed that for Wangzuo coal and Shizuishan coal and their mixture (mixture coal), the suitable mass fraction of the secondary waste added was 4%, 8% and 6% respectively which can lead to the best promoting effect according to the study on coal combusting characteristics. When adding the same amount of secondary waste, the higher of the amount of volatile, the more notable promoting effect in combusting process. When secondary waste increased, the combusting temperature range of coal became narrow. The results from dynamic characteristic analysis was in accordance with that of combustion characteristic analysis, which can lay a foundation for the efficient utilization of secondary waste.",1
"In this study, low-temperature coal tar was eluted respectively with petroleum ether, toluene and anhydrous methanol by the method of preparative liquid chromatograph for enrichment of nitrogen containing compounds, and GC-MS and XPS were used to analyze the elution solution and residual substances. The results show that the substances separated by mixed chromatographic column packing of silica gel and silicic acid (mass ratio 3∶1) contained four kinds of pyridine compounds, accounting for 1.59% (mass fraction, similarly hereinafter); six kinds of aniline compounds, accounting for 4.18%; seven kinds of quinoline compounds, accounting for 6.91%; 0.97% of indole compounds, 0.56% of carbazole compounds and 0.26% of nitrile compound. Low-temperature coal tar nitrogen compounds were mainly alkaline nitrogen-containing compounds, non-basic nitrogen compounds were very low.",1
"Ni/ZnO-Al2O3 catalyst was prepared by isoehoric impregnation. The optimal desulfurization catalyst was selected to remove sulfur compounds from phenol oil in the fixed-bed unit and the optimal technological condition of desulfurization and undephenolization was investigated. The results showed that the smaller of the particle size of ZnO, the desulfurization activity of the prepared desulfurization catalyst is higher. The higher reaction temperature and the smaller LHSV can improve the better desulfurization activity of Ni/ZnO-Al2O3. The optimal operating conditions in desulfurization and undepheno-lization of phenol oil by using Ni/ZnO-Al2O3 as desulfurizer included atmospheric pressure, the reaction temperature of 320 ℃-340 ℃, the LHSV of 0.2 h-1, under which the desulfurization rate would be 99.1% and the catalyst would be stable operation of more than 200 h. The Ni/ZnO-Al2O3 catalyst can realize desulphur and undepheno-lize from phenol oil under hydrogen at atmospheric conditions, which not only solved the technological difficulty, but also greatly saves the production cost.",1
"By simple carbonization processes and graphitized, the carbon foams were prepared from the loose medium component which was separated from raw coal by the method of all-components group separation. Structure characteristics, thermal reactivity of materials and properties of products were analyzed by thermogravimetric analyzer (TGA), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), scanning electron microscopy (SEM), transmission electron microscope (TEM) and mercury porosimeter, and so on. The results show that the loose medium component foam during the process of separation and form the micronano foam pore structure. The loose medium component, which has not only the intermediate molecular weight, a very low ash content but also good cohesiveness can be qualified to be an excellent carbon foams precursor. The spherical pores and ultrathin walls of the pores themselves constitute the three dimensional structure of carbon foams which was prepared by moulding and carbonization. The distribution of the pores is intensive and consecutive. The maximum porosity of carbon foams can attain 81.32%. The hydrogen bonding interaction is the main force in the loose medium component and it’s the major cause for the loose and bubble structure of loose medium component which was extracted through extraction and stripping process. The micronano foam pore structure itself hold the pyrolysis gases during the process of carbonization and prompt the increase of thepores to form the foam pore structure for carbon foams that we needed.",1
"The relationship of the combustion characteristic between mixed coal and a single coal based on Xuzhou Pengcheng power plant phase Ⅲ project ultra super critical, condensing steam turbine (2×1 000 MW unit) was studied. The Jinzhong coal was used as the design coal and the Xuzhou mixed coal was used as the check coal. Four different kinds coal samples was mixed by different mass fraction, and the combustion characteristic of each coal was analysed and compared used thermogravimetric experiment. Especially, the effect of the change of mass fraction of the hard burnig coal on mixed coal characteristics was tested. The weighted average method, linear programming method and fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method was used to optimize the coal blending respectively. The optimum coal blending ratio was obtained in Pengcheng power plant by these methods. The actual operation results was compared to verify the reliability and applicability of the model. It was showed that the mass ratio obtained by the linear programming method could cut down the cost of coal blending about million yuan for the power plant.",1
,1
"In order to realize the original ultra-low NOx emission from CFB boilers, it is necessary to deeply understand the NOx formation and reduction mechanisms during coal combustion process. The NOx reduction over chars (NOx -char reaction) is considered to be the most important process in nitrogen reaction system in CFB. The research on NOx-char reaction in literature was reviewed, and the NOx reduction process over chars was thoroughly discussed, focusing on the basic reaction process, the effects of minerals in chars and reaction conditions. The results show that chars can be directly used as the reducing reactant, and provide adsorption surface to the reducing gases, e.g. CO, H2, NH3, catalyzing the NOx reduction. Moreover, K, Fe, Ca and other catalytic minerals in chars can significantly promote the NOx-char reaction. Due to the coexistence of these reduction reactions, many influencing factors will affect the NOx-char reaction, including coal types, pyrolysis condition, reaction temperature, char size, carbon burnout level, CO/O2/H2O/SO2 and other environmental gases, minerals content and chemical composition. Additionally, in many cases, these factors are not independent, but interact with each other, and usually show the two-side effects of promotion and suppression of NOx reduction reaction under different conditions. It is necessary to investigate the system of NOx reaction process over chars further, especially to describe the effects of various factors quantitatively and establish an overall model of NOx emission in CFB furnace, for further exploiting the low nitrogen combustion potential of CFB technology.",1
"The different microstructure and physicochemical properties of low-temperature pyrolysis semi-coke which cooling by water and nitrogen were investigated. The results of X-ray diffraction and FTIR spectroscopy analysis show that graphitization level of nitrogen cooling is higher than that of the semi-coke cooled by water. In addition, the C atoms of microcrystalline edge are less and the absorption peak of functional groups are weak of nitrogen cooling semi-coke sample. The BET analysis results indicate that the specific area of nitrogen cooling semi-coke is smaller and the micropores (the diameter is below 10 nm) are less than that of semi-coke cooled by water. The grindability and tumbler strength test results show that the wear resistance of nitrogen cooling semi-coke is 20% less than that of water cooling sample, and the broken-resistance of nitrogen cooling semi-coke is also higher than the latter. The TGA results also indicate that ignition temperature of water cooled semi-coke is lower than that of nitrogen cooling sample, while the water cooling semi-coke also has faster average burning rate and better combustion performance than semi-coke cooled by nitrogen.",1
"The effects of K2CO3 and atmospheres (N2+H2, N2+H2O and N2+H2O+H2) on the yields and properties of products from pyrolysis of a sub-bituminous coal named Bulian’gou from Inner Mongolia was investigated in 3.5 MPa pressurized reactor at 530 ℃. The results show that the decomposition of K2CO3 and the addition of K2CO3 promoting the fracture of oxygen-containing functional groups in coal enhance the production of CO2 substantially. Compared with the catalytic pyrolysis in N2 atmosphere, the yields of tar and CH4 are promoted with the addition of H2 and H2O. Moreover, during pyrolysis in N2+H2O+H2 atmosphere, the yields of tar and CH4 further increase to 7.62% and 2.06%, respectively. The results obtained from the catalytic and non-catalytic pyrolysis in N2 and N2+H2 atmosphere show that effect of H2 atmosphere on the catalytic performance is limited. In addition, K2CO3 promotes the carbon gasification reaction in H2O atmosphere. Within the scope of the experimental study, effects of changing the atmosphere on the specific surface area and gasification reactivity of chars are not obvious.",0
"In order to broaden the scope of application of multi-stage vertical pyrolysis furnace, with the crushed low-rank coal in Shanbei as the test object, the moving bed resistance testing device and the continuous pyrolysis test device were constructed. The effects of different factors on the resistance of the moving bed and the dust content of the gas were studied, and the properties of the pyrolysis products were analyzed. The results show that the bed resistance increases with the increase of gas flow rate and bed height, and decreases with the increase of the material moving speed. The bed static resistance is about 15% higher than the dynamic resis-tance, and the effect of the gas flow rate is the most significant. When the bed height and the material moving speed are constant, the dust content of the gas increases with the increase of the gas flow rate, and the average particle diameter of the dust is 87 μm. The yield of semi-coke is 66.21%, the yield of coal tar is 8.72%, reach 85% of the yield of Gray-King, and the thermal efficiency of the pyrolysis test device is 88%.",0
"The lignite and palm kernel shell were co-pyrolyzed using a newly developed two-stage reactor under microwave radiation. The effects of co-pyrolysis temperature and catalyst on co-pyrolysis charactenstics were investigated. The tar and gas from pyrolysis were subsequently analyzed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and gas chromatograph respectively. The results show that there is a synergetic effect between lignite and palm kernel shell during microwave co-pyrolysis process. The yield of volatile matter increases compared with the calculated value. When activated carbon is used as the microwave absorbent, it seems to change in the tar composition towards smaller molecular weight products and this significantly promote the high content of H2 and CO in the gas phase. The total volume fraction of H2 and CO is 91.98% at 600 ℃.",0
"Mesocarbon microbeads (MCMB) were prepared by thermal polymerization using mid-temperature coal tar pitch (TP) as raw materials and anthracene oil and coal liquefaction pitch (CP) as additives at 440 ℃ for 8 h. The products were analyzed by polarizing microscope, X-ray diffraction analysis, laser particle sizer and elemental analysis. The results show that anthracene oil and CP as addtives can inhibit the excessive poly-condensation of TP. However, the mechanism of action of anthracene oil on TP is different from that of CP. Anthracene oil is as the solvent of TP in poly-condensation reaction, however, CP forms some nucleus at first in the poly-condensation reaction, and inhibits excessive poly-condensationthrough hydrogen transferring. With the addition of anthracene oil increasing, the yield of MCMB increases at first and then decreases. When the amount of anthracene oil is 5%, the yield of MCMB is the highest, which is up to 52.6%. With the addition of CP increasing, the yield of MCMB is increasing. When the amount of CP is 30%, the yield of MCMB is up to 56.8%. Because the effect of anthracene oil on TP is different from that of CP, the effect on the microstructure of MCMB is also different. With anthracene oil added, it has no significant role in promoting the arrangement of MCMB crystallites, and even has adverse effects. While, with CP added, it can promote the arrangement of MCMB crystallites.",0
"The renewable and “carbon zero emission” peanut shells were selected as raw materials for pyrolysis at 350 ℃, 400 ℃, 450 ℃, 500 ℃ and 550 ℃ in tube setting furnace. Then five kinds of peanut shell carbons were analyzed by proximate analysis, ultimate analysis, calorific value analysis, burnout experiments and thermogravimetric tests to determine whether they met the requirements of blast furnace injection for fuels. The results show that metallurgical properties of peanut shell carbons of five different pyrolysis final temperatures reach the standard of stipulating in the blast furnace injection coal, but the ash melting point is under standard of process, which needed to further explore optimization scheme. In conclusion, peanut shell carbons have the possibility to meet the metallurgical properties requirements of injection in the blast furnace.",1
"Cokes were prepared from the coking coal added alkaline earth metal Ca by pre-addition and post-addition methods. The solution loss reaction behavior of coke in CO2 atmosphere at different reaction temperatures were studied, and the microstructures of coke were characterized by specific surface area analyzer, XRD analyzer and SEM analyzer. The results show that adding alkaline earth metal Ca to coke can enhance solution loss reactivity. The reactivity and strength after reaction of coke prepared by post-addition method are higher than that of coke prepared by pre-addition method when the temperature reaches 1 200 ℃. The random pore model is used to describe the solution loss reaction of coke, and the activation energy of coke prepared by post-addition method is lower than that of coke prepared by pre-addition method. The microcrystalline structure, microcrystalline size and specific surface area of cokes prepared by post-addition method are changed.",1
"The three kinds of typical lignite samples in Yunnan Province were used to extract humic acids by base-dissolving acidification method. This research was focused on studying distribution characteristics of metallic elements such as K, Ca, Na, Mg, Al, Fe and non-metallic element Si in extraction process. The experiment results showed that the minerals in lignite are mainly distributed in the residues in the extraction process. The content of the corresponding elements in the residues and humic acids were determined by the background value of the content of the metallic elements and non-metallic element Si in lignite and the proportion of free humic acid in total humic acid. The content of ash in humic acids was far less than that in residues. Although the functional groups of humic acids from different types of lignite were similar in species, number and structure, the content of ash and minerals varied greatly. Among them, the content of ash and various metal elements of humic acid extracted by Zhaotong lignite are higher than that of the other two lignites, which indicates that not only the chemical adsorption exists between different functional groups and minerals, but also physical adsorption exists. This is related to the physical structure and surface properties of humic acid.",1
"The effect of rare earth tailings on the release of NOx in the combustion process of 0.1 g bituminous coal was studied by using a riser furnace under O2/CO2 atmosphere. The influences of temperature, rare earth tailings addition ratio and particle size on denitrification efficiency were studied respectively. The results show that the denitrification efficiency of rare earth tailings (48 μm-58 μm, 0.05 g addition) is about 60% of the NOx total amount produced by 0.1 g bitumionous coal at 1 000 ℃. It is mainly caused by the heterogeneous catalytic reduction. From the result of the XRD, it is found that the solid solution is formed in the reflected earth tailings compared with the sample of no calcined. It reflects the existence of synergistic action between the substances in the rare earth tailings.",1
"In order to explore the effect of coal gangue on the water environment in Hancheng mining area, the acid production potential of 13 coal gangue samples from different mining areas in Hancheng was studied by ABA (acid-base accounting) and NAG (net acid generation) experiment. Static prediction results show that Liaoyuan, Sangshuping, Xiayukou mining area of three fresh coal gangue have the potential ability of acid production, but acid production is not strong. The acid potential of Liaoyuan coal gangue is relatively high, Sangshuping coal gangue is relatively low; piled up for 3 to 5 months of gangue acid potential is 2-3 times higher than fresh gangue, belongs to the potential and strong acids. Pyrite and calcite are the main causes of AP (maximum acid production potential) and NP (neutralization potential). Correlation analysis showed that the correlation between AP and pyrite is not significant, but NP is significantly correlated with calcite. Comparing the results of ABA and NAG experiments, it is found that the NAG experiment is more accurate for the acid production capacity of coal gangue. Compared with the fresh coal gangue, the acid production potential of weathering coal gangue for 3-5 months is higher, it is possible to form acid mine water and promote the release of toxic elements in coal gangue.",1
"A review of the previous research on the mechanism for slagging during the high alkali coal combustion was presented. The occurrence modes of the sodium contained in the high alkali coal and the conversion rule of the sodium during the high alkali coal combustion was summarized as follows: during coal combustion process, alkali metals are released and transported either in the form of solid particles or vapor species in the combustion gas. The main occurrence modes of alkali metals in solid particles is, A-silicates and A-aluminosilicates (A represents K and Na), and the main occurrence modes of alkali vapor species is A(g), ACl(g), A2CO3(g), A2SO4(g), and AOH(g). The slagging mechanism caused during the high alkali coal combustion process can be illustrated as follows: the vaporized Na2SO4 and CaSO4 at high temperature will condense on heating surface and form an initial sticky slagging layer as an adhesive that bonds the subsequent deposits and heating surfaces together and the condensed Na2SO4 and CaSO4 react with the subsequent deposits from low melting point chemical compounds to promote growth of slagging. Furthermore, coating particles due to the condensation of the vaporized Na2SO4 and CaSO4 at high temperature on grain boundary and iron-bearing minerals promote growth of slagging. The mode of boiler slagging prediction and the current control technologies for the high sodium coal slagging were briefly introduced and some potentially promising research topics on the slagging mechanism of the high alkali coal were discussed.",1
"The Yili coal were swelled with four imidazolium-base ionic liquids (ILs) as the solvent at the condition of natural and microwave-assisted. The results show that the microwave-assisted swelling is much more efficient. After microwave-ssisted swelling, the macromolecular structure of coal doesn't change, but the microstructure of coal becomes looser and appears to be layered structure. It takes 24 h to achieve equilibrium for ILs natural swelling coal, but only 20 min for ILs microwave-ssisted swelling coal. In adition, the natural swelling time is 24 h, but the microwave-assisted swelling time only 20 min under 400 W. The microwave-assisted swelling ratio of coal with four ionic liquids were 7%, 23%, 37% and 63%, respectively, higher than that of natural swelling. The  pyrolysis kinetic analysis show that the activation energy of natural and microwave-assisted swelling coals is decreased 8.00% and 15.54%, respectively.",1
"Thermogravimetry-mass spectroscopy (TG-MS) analysis was used to investigate the pyrolysis behavior of raw and thermally pretreated coal samples at different temperatures. The weight loss, weight loss rate and the release of volatiles as a function of temperature were studied. The experimental results show that with increasing the pretreatment temperature of coal, the total weight loss and the maximum weight loss rate decrease and shift to higher temperatures. During pyrolysis, light gases such as H2, CO, CO2, H2O and hydrocarbons including aliphatic hydrocarbons, cycloalkanes, benzene, toluene, xylene and so on, are detected by MS. With the heat treatment temperature increasing, the release of aliphatic hydrocarbon decrease, while the temperature corresponding to the maximum release rate shift to higher temperatures. The release temperature range of light gases is wider (300 ℃-800 ℃), while organic volatiles are detect in a narrower temperature range (400 ℃-600 ℃).",0
"The chemical speciation of low, middle and high-sulfur coal was investigated, as well as the relative amount of sulfur in different kinds of coal with XPS method was analyzed. The weight loss and the pyrolysis gas escaping process were recorded by TG-MS. The result shows that the inorganic sulfur of the middle and high sulfur coal are significantly higher than that of the low-sulfur coal, while the relative amount of thiophene and sulfoxide are lower than that of low-sulfur coal. The weightlessness process of different kinds of coal are similar and can be divided into three stages: the release of water, the removal of the adsorbed gas, lively thermal decomposition and secondary pyrolysis. The escaping process of different sulfur-containing gases in the pyrolysis process is quite different, while it is closely related to the chemical speciation and the relative amount of sulfur in the coking coal.",0
"The experimental research and theoretical analysis on the pollution formation of n(H2)∶n(CO) syngas coflow diffusion flame was carried out. The numerical work was done by Fluent coupled with detailed reaction mechanism. The formation route of NO was investigated. In order to provide guidance for the design and optimization of combustion equipment, the pollution formation during combustion of syngas with different n(H2)∶n(CO) at different pressure was studied. The results show that the peak flame temperature of H2/CO syngas coflow diffusion flame increases obviously with the increase of pressure. The NO formation shows the same trend. The NO produced through thermal route dominates the variation trend. Besides, NO formation increases with the n(H2)∶n(CO) ratio in syngas coflow flame.",1
"The composite materials of molybdenum carbides supported on activated semi-coke with different Mo loadings were prepared by thermal decomposition of the mixture of HLH de-ashed lignite and the complex of hexamethylentetramine (HMT) and ammonium molybdate (AHM). The synthesized catalysts were characterized by XRD, SEM, HRTEM, XPS, H2-TPSR and the effects of Mo loadings on methanation were evaluated. The results show that the dispersion of Mo decreased and the configuration of Mo changed with the increase of Mo loadings. The conversion of CO increase, while the tendency of increase is reduce with the increase of Mo loadings. The conversion rate of CO on unit mass of Mo decreases with the increase of Mo loadings. The selectivity of CH4 is best on the sample of 20%Mo/ASC due to the better intrinsic catalytic activity and the highest rate of catalytic hydropyrolysis.",1
"The gas-solid flow characteristics in a two-dimension pressurized bubbling fluidized bed were investigated through a simulation based on Euler two-fluid model. The results show that under the same apparent gas velocity, the elevated operating pressure can cause a higher volume fraction of bubbles and a more obvious boundary between bubbles and emulsions, which result in much stronger flow and mixing between two phases. Meanwhile, the radial distribution of solids’ vertical velocity in the middle and upper of bed presents more inhomogeneous: solids vertical velocity increases in the central region, while decreases near the wall. Moreover, the bed expansion height increases with the elevated operating pressure; accordingly, gas holdup increases. The distribution of solid holdup becomes more homogeneous in the radical direction: the particles concentration decreases in the bottom and increases in the top. The fluctuation of bed pressure is primarily composed of two components: one with low-frequency/high-amplitude, the other with low-amplitude/high-frequency. The intensity of pressure pulsation inside the bed shows a tendency to increase initially then decrease rapidly with increase of the bed height. In addition, the intensity of pressure pulsation increases with the elevated operating pressure, indicating that the bed pressure fluctuates more intensely. Furthermore, particles show higher granular temperature with the elevated operating pressure, indicating of an enhanced particle velocity fluctuation.",1
"The reaction effect of FCC slurry from a Shandong refining factory and coals from Hami was studied. The results show that when the coal addition reaches 30%, the viscosity of oil-slurry is 1 375 mPa·s, which is much higher than that of oil-slurry produced by directly-liquefied coals, and this is not good for pump transfer. Therefore, how to reduce the viscosity of oil-slurry is one of the important problems that the coal-oil synergistic technology has to solve. When the coal addition is 30%-35%, the reaction temperature is 450 ℃ and the residence time is 2.0 h, better co-processing effects of FCC slurry and coal reactions can be achieved with the conversion of 98% and oil yield of 80%. With hydrogenation of FCC slurry to improve its quality, the viscosity of oil-slurry can be reduced considerably, and the effects of co-processing can also be ameliorated when the coal addition is 40%. Furthermore, the conversion rises from 92.4% to 96.5%, and the oil yield increases from 71.12% to 79.19%.",0
"The activated carbon was prepared by KOH activation process, and the optimum technological parameters were obtained by orthogonal experiment: the lignite particle size is 0.075 0 mm-0.150 0 mm (100 mesh-200 mesh), the mass ratio of KOH and activated carbon is 3∶1, the activation temperature is 600 ℃, and the activation time is 1 h. The optimum specific surface area through the optimum process is 504.7 m2/g, and the degree of graphitization is low. The specific capacitance is 107.7 F/g, the specific capacitance retention was 96.6% at 2 times the current and 93.8% at 5 times the current, the attenuation is small and the magnification performance is good.",1
"With NaOH as catalyst, humic acids were prepared by degrading the macromolecular structure of lignite using hydrolysis reaction, and the effects of temperature, ρ(NaOH), reaction time and V(water)∶m(coal) on the yield of humic acids were researched. The results show that the hydrolysis reaction can greatly improve the yield of humic acids from 11.25% to 78.38% by optimizing the hydrolysis conditions. The structure characteristics of humic acids were investigated by means of ultimate analysis, UV-Vis spectra and FTIR spectra. The results indicate that the type of functional groups are similar in both kinds of humic acids. The phenolic hydroxyl groups are the primary acidic functional groups, and the carboxyl group content of original humic acids is higher than that of regenerated humic acids. Compared with regenerated humic acids, the molecular weight of original humic acids is higher, but there are more substituents on the aromatic nucleus of regenerated humic acids.",1
"The preparation process of spherical form-stable composite phase change material for high temperature thermal storage by the use of dry pressing is researched. The nearly spherical form-stable phase change material with 7.5 mm in diameter, which is expected to be adopted in high temperature thermal storage with spherical capsule packed bed, is obtained by the way of utilizing fly ash as the ceramic matrix, aluminum as the phase change medium and PVA as adhesive. Non-pressurized sintering without protective gas with the help of program temperature controlling from room temperature to 1 000 ℃ was employed to process the green sample after dry pressing. The results show that the content of phase change medium, the amount of blank and the pressure of blank shaping affect the sphericity and sintering stability of materials significantly. The phase change material pure aluminum combines the silicon in the fly ash, forming Al-Si eutectic alloy after sintering. On the prerequisite of 0.35 g in the amount of green sample and 0.6 MPa in forming pressure, the aluminum content, sphericity, density and phase change temperature of spherical material with 7.5 mm in diameter could be 57%, 0.92, 1.60 g/cm3 and 577.33 ℃, respectively. The latent heat is 62.49 J/g after 20 times of thermal shock.",1
"To increase the throughput and carbon conversion of coal gasifier, the ash agglomerating fluidized bed gasifier has been upgraded to the multi-stage conversion fluidized bed coal gasification (MSFBG) technology, which integrates the concept of fast fluidization technology, was proposed and presented by the Institute of Coal Chemistry, China Academy of Sciences. The gasifier is divided into two zones: the high-speed riser in the upper region and the dense jetting-fluidization zone in the lower region. The latter makes it possible to preserve the characteristics of agglomerating fluidized bed gasifier. While in the high-speed riser, the enhanced contact of gas and solid and long residence time are achieved by increasing the circulating ratio of fine powder, and a high gasification temperature is obtained by feeding oxygen. All of these can help to obtain a higher carbon conversion and processing capacity. In order to achieve the above-mentioned goals, the characteristics and kinetics of coal-pressured gasification were studied and analyzed. The influence of operation parameters and key structure on the gas-solid flow and distribution of concentration field were studied. Furthermore, the numerical simulation of gas-solid flow in gasifier and the influence of second blown gas on the flow field of lifting section were investigated. On the basis of these, the design and building of MSFBG pilot plant with a daily coal capacity of 100 t at 3.0 MPa were carried out. Some pilot gasification tests with Shenmu coal and its char, in which pressure is from 1.0 MPa to 2.8 MPa, pure oxygen/air blast acted as testing condition, were carried out. The results show that a reliable, stable and long-term operation can be easily achieved in the pressure range. In addition, the char also can be directly gasified; the carbon conversion can reach 95%; the performances of MSFBG has achieved the advanced level of the similar gasifiers. Moreover, the design software package and techno-economic evaluation of kiloton industrial demonstration device have also been finished.",1
"To investigate the relationship between micro roughness,surface free energy and wettability of coal dust,the micro roughness and the contact angle of four typical coal samples were measured by atomic force microscope(AFM) and contact angle measuring instrument, and the surface free energy was estimated by van Oss-Chaudhury-Good theory. The results indicate that surface roughness has a certain relation with the wettability of coal dust and the correlation coefficient (R2) between the surface roughness (Sa and Sq) and the contact angle are 0.940 5 and 0.872 2, respectively. With the increasing of surface roughness, the contact angle increases and the wettability of coal dust becomes worse. The free energy calculation results show that the four coal samples are approximately low-energy nonpolar surfaces. The surface free energy (γs) of coal dust is consistent with the change of contact angle and with increasing polar Lewis acid-base of surface free energy, the wettability of coal dust is enhanced. The surface roughness has a certain correlation with the surface free energy and the correlation coefficient (R2) is 0.842 6.",1
"Low temperature nitrogen adsorption method was used to study on the variation of pore structure of Shengli lignite in low temperature (350 ℃-600 ℃) pyrolysis process. The effects of pyrolysis temperature and de-ashing treatment on pore structure parameters including average pore diameter, specific surface area and pore size distribution were studied. And two fractal dimensions D1 and D2 were calculated using the FHH(Frenkel-Halsey-Hill) method at relative pressures of 0 to 0.50 and 0.50 to 0.95, respectively. The results indicate that the specific surface area and pore volume of semi-coke have the same variation trends while the specific surface area and average pore size show the opposite variation trends in the pyrolysis process. When the pyrolysis temperature is above 500 ℃, more abundant porous structure, larger specific surface area and micropore volume have been formed during the process of de-ashed lignite pyrolysis. And the number of pores with an aperture interval in 0.45 nm-1.58 nm and 2.65 nm-10.00 nm significantly increases. The results of FHH method analysis demonstrate that there are two kinds of opposite trend fractal dimensions in the semi-coke: D1 and D2. Pyrolysis temperature lower than 450 ℃, D1 can be used to describe the micropore surface roughness of the semi-coke which are produced by de-ashed lignite. While D2 can reflect the roughness of the mesopore volume adequately in the whole pyrolysis process.",0
"The co-pyrolysis experiments of low metamorphic pulverized coal (SJC), heavy oil (HS), coal tar pitch (LQ) and coking coal (JM) were carried out . The research focused on the composition and structure of co-pyrolysis products after adding the heavy oil (HS). FTIR and GC-MS were used to investigate the structure and composition of solid products and pyrolysis tar respectively. Results show that the addition of HS can effectively improve the distribution and structure of pyrolysis products in the process of co-pyrolysis of low-rank coal. The solid coke yield gradually decreases, while the tar yield first increases and then decreases, the gas yield first decreases and then increases; the contents of phenols and alcohols functional groups on the surface of solid coke increase; the pyrolysis CH4 gas content gradually increases, while H2 content gradually reduces. When the amount of HS is 20%, the yield of tar reaches 33%, the volume fraction of CH4 and H2 in gas increase to 33.16% and 19.61% respectively, and the total volume fraction of CO+CH4+H2 reaches 65.54%. With the increase of the proportion of HS, the aromatics structure in HS is pyrolyzed and the content of aromatics in tar decreases sharply. With the increase of HS addition ratio, the hydrocracking of aromatic structures in HS causes a sharp decrease in aromatic hydrocarbon content in tar, while the contents of alkanes and phenols increase, and the synergy between SJC and HS becomes more pronounced. The maximum mass fraction is 21.87%, while the aromatics reduce by 24.20%. Meanwhile, the content of C5-C10 in tar gradually increases, while the contents of C11-C19 and C≥20 decrease. The maximum amount of light components is 28.81%, when the addition of HS is 20%. However the contents of medium and heavy components reach their minimum values.",0
"Low-temperature co-pyrolysis experiment of lignite-corncob mixture at different mass fraction was carried out by using a self-designed low-temperature pyrolysis device. The results show that when the corncob mass fraction is 30%, the tar yield reaches 11.70%, which is 53.75% higher than that of the lignite pyrolysis. The thermogravimetric analysis of lignite, corncob, lignite and 30% corncob mixture shows that the addition of corncob reduces the initial pyrolysis temperature of coal, and the whole TG curves shift to the low temperature region, which shows obvious promotion of pyrolysis. The results of GC-MS show that the contents of aliphatic and phenol increase by 27.79% and 193.96%, while the contents of acids and heteroatoms decrease by 26.42% and 55.19%, respectively, with the addition mass fraction of 30% corncob. Moreover, the content of light oil increases from 4.68% to 27.13%, which achieves a substantial pyrolysis of tar and high-quality tar generation.",0
"In order to improve the surface hydrophobicity and the floatation efficiency of fine oxidized coal, three kinds of nonionic surfactants containing different hydrophobic chains including C12EO15, AC-1215, and NPEO15 were selected. The effects of initial mass concentration and adsorption time on the adsorption amount of three surfactants on oxidized coal surface were investigated. FTIR and flotation experiments were carried out to compare the adsorption differences on oxidized coal surface of three surfactants. The results show that the structure of hydrophobic tail chain of nonionic surfactant has an important influence on the adsorption effect on oxidized coal surface.In the experimental mass concentration range, with the increase of the mass concentration of three solvents, the adsorption capacity and cleaned coal yield of oxidized coal both increase, C12EO15 can significantly enhance the surface hydrophobicity of oxidized coal, the cleaned coal yield rises from 49.39% to 84.83%; and NPEO15 is the second, the cleaned coal yield is up to 81.14%; the adsorption effect of AC-1215 is general, and the cleaned coal yield is up to 58.58%.",1
"A coal flotation slurry from a selected plant in Yunnan was obtained by flotation process. The sulfur content is 1.36%, of which organic sulfur accounted for 82.35%, and physical separation method was difficult to remove sulfur further. The low temperature isolation air roasting method was used to reduce sulfur in slime, and the influence of different roasting condition on sulfur reduction was studied. The results show that in condition of the amount of DP 5%, the roasting temperature 450 ℃, roasting time 40 min and pellet diameter <9 mm, the final sulfur content after roasting can be reduced to below 0.30%, and the effect of reducing sulfur is significant. The contents of other harmful elements, such as phosphorus and arsenic, are also low.",1
"The effects of moisture, pressure, mixing ratio (mass ratio) and temperature on the cracking behavior of coal slime briquette through initial crack time and continuous crack time and micromorphology of briquette were investigated. The results show that water evaporation is an important process during coal slime briquette cracking. The pressure has an influence on the cracking by affecting the internal structure of coal slime briquette and the briquette becomes compacted under the increasing pressure. It results in the gathering of produced gas, thus the briquette is more prone to crack. The mixing ratio of coal slime and limestone affects the cracking behavior by changing the structure and composition of coal slime briquette. High mass fraction of limestone in coal slime briquette has more compact structure and the heat transfer rate is higher, which is helpful for cracking. The influence of temperature on cracking behavior is reflected in temperature gradient between inside and outside of briquette. Furthermore, the cracking characteristics are affected by two aspects of thermal stress and chemical reaction.",1
"The influence on properties，surface morphology and fractal description of pore structure of coke samples treated by BP inhibitor were investigated. The results show that after treated by BP inhibitor, the thermal performances of coke samples are improved，the pores of coke samples are decreased, as well as the pore volume and specific surface area, which are beneficial to inhibit coke deterioration reaction. The adsorption-desorption data of coke samples were measured and fitted using Frenkel-Halsey-Hill equation, it is found that there are fractal phenomena in pore structure of coke samples in the study scale and the fractal dimensions of coke samples treated by BP inhibitor are lower than that of the original coke sample. The results explain that BP inhibitor can effectively inhibit coke deterioration reaction by infiltrating into or covering the pore structure of coke and reducing pore roughness.",1
"Based on Aspen Plus software, an air-steam composite gasification model of petroleum coke was established. The numerical simulation results of the model coincide with the experimental values. The effects of gasification temperature, pressure, equivalence ratio and msteam∶mpc (subscript pc means petroleum coke) on gas volume fraction, gas calorific value and gas yield were investigated by using Aspen Plus sensitivity analysis module. The results show that when the equivalence ratio and msteam∶mpc are selected the appropriate value, temperature has little influence on the gas volume fraction. The higher pressure contributes to more methane production and the gas calorific value. With the increase of equivalence ratio, the gas calorific value is reduced owing to enhancing of oxidation reaction intensity. The higher msteam∶mpc contributes to more hydrogen production, but lower calorific value. The changing trend of the calorific value is opposite to that of gas yield.",1
"A kind of waste heat recovery endothermic device for the riser with special high strength metallic sodium material as heat conduction lining was proposed. The heat conduction lining is used as the temperature switch to control the tar condensation and precipitation, when the temperature of crude gas is higher than 500 ℃, the heat transfer performance can be enhanced, when the temperature is lower than 500 ℃, it is manifested as poor heat conductors, which can not only maximize the heat transfer, but also avoid coking on the inner wall of the riser. A set of waste heat recovery system was designed and tested with this endothermic device. The effective heat transfer efficiency of the riser waste heat recovery device is 79.16%, and the coking furnace annual energy saving is 1.668×1011 kJ, to ensure the coking production process, and improve the steam rate.",1
"Jincheng anthracite and Yulin semi-coke were selected as raw materials, and the combustion characteristics of raw materials were studied by TGA with different blending ratios. The performance evaluation of briquette was carried out to grasp the combustion characteristics and pollutant emission rules of briquette. The results show that with the increase of the mass fraction of semi-coke, the compressive strength of briquette decreases and the thermal stability does not change. With the addition of semi-coke, the residual carbon ratio of briquette decreases and the emission of NOx decreases.NOx emissions of semi-coke briquette only takes one thirds of that of anthracite coal briquette, but the CO emissions of semi-coke briquette is two times bigger than that of anthracite briquette; when the mass fraction of semi-coke is 60%, the combustion time of briquette is the longest.",1
,1
"In this paper, a typical candle coal was selected as the research sample. The pyrolysis characteristics of this candle coal at different pyrolysis temperature were systematically studied by using vertical tubular pyrolysis oven, horizontal tubular pyrolysis oven, gas chromatography etc. The result showed that with the increase of pyrolysis temperature, the productivity of coal tar slightly decreased and the productivity of semi-coke slightly increased, affected by the secondary reactions. With the increase of temperature, the content of hydrogen and carbon monoxide in subsection coal gas increased; the content of methane first increased then decreased, maximized at about 600℃. The content of hydrogen in mixed coal gas is the highest over 800℃, and the content of hydrogen increased with the increase of temperature. The volatile content of semi-coke decreased with the increase of temperature, but almost remain unchanged over 900℃. Fundamental properties of coal tar produced by pyrolysis at 900℃ were analyzed at the end.",0
"Characteristics of gas products during temperature-programmed pyrolysis of three grades bituminous coal were studied using thermogravimetric-mass spectrometric (TG-MS) analysis. The effects of pyrolysis temperature, heating rate and coal grade on gas yield and generation regularity were investigated. The experimental results indicated that the devolatilization index decreases with the increasing of heating rate, and it is beneficial to products release. However, the reaction time was shortened and the gas yield was reduced. The generating curves of hydrocarbon gases shown one single peak shape, but the generating curves of other gases were irregular. Hydrogen and Hydrocarbons generated from different coals has the same tendency of ionic strength with temperature, and also has similar peak temperatures. The gas yield of different coals was related to the composition of raw coal. Meanwhile, the form of sulfur was different in different coal samples, and it mainly release in the form of H2S, SO2 and COS.",0
"In this paper, the influence of different swelling time, different solvents, mineral elements, pretreatment, metal inorganic salt on swelling behavior and the swelling kinetics of Xinyuan low order bituminous coal were investigated. The results show that the swelling rate increased gradually with the extension of time, and swelling basically balanced for 48h, the slow-climbing-type solvent-swelling processes were observed. The swelling rate of coal in the mixed solvent was higher than the single solvent, the swelling rate of coal in polar solvent was higher than the non-polar solvent; mineral elements were removed, the swelling rate increased; Swelling，acid washing and alkaline washing made the swelling rate increase, drying made the swelling rate reduce; metal inorganic salt improved coal swelling differently; the swelling behavior of coal corresponded to first-order reaction kinetics equation, the apparent activation energy of coal in THN and pyridine were less than 20 kJ/mol, the swelling process was affected by Case-Ⅱ diffusion.",1
"Coal with oxygen easily occurs composite reaction at low temperature. Active function groups are oxidized, lead to the structure change of coal. Study on coal in different oxidation temperature by infrared spectrum method was carried out. The result with differential spectrum was analyzed, and the rule of function groups in coal oxidation warm-up procedure was gained. The order of reactivity of functional groups is: amino> methyl，aromatic methylene > acid，lipid，vinyl> ether.",1
"Co-pyrolysis characteristics of low rank mixed with ironmaking sludge in different proportions were studied in a dry distillation equipment. The results show that the low rank coal pyrolysis yields of char and gas could be improved with the increasing of ironmaking sludge content. The yield of char and gas improved and the oil and tar reduced at the same time. Furthermore, the content of CO, CH4 and H2 increased obviously in coal gas, Which is up to 9.91%,23.98% and 38.42%. The result of SEM show that the number of char surface cracks was increased; it can formate depth of crack.",0
"Yimin lignite and Datangwujianfang lignite, two kinds of Chinese lignite, were selected for the investigation. In the work, the drying process of the lignites, which particle size were 3mm-20mm, was investigated in a self-designed fixed-bed dryer and the fine particle (0mm-3mm) lignite drying process was carried out in a downward vertical tube dryer. The drying mechanism of a single lignite particle was discussed based on the temperature curves of the flue gas and the surface of lignite particle. The results indicate that the drying process of lignite is greatly influenced by the initial flue gas temperature, particle size and initial moisture content. The water emission can be promoted by the increase of the initial flue gas temperature and the lignite devolatilization can be avoided even under the initial temperature of 800℃. The increases of particle size and initial moisture content can prevent the lignite devolatilization. Both the two kinds of lignite keep stable during the drying process in the downward vertical tube dryer. The water absorption and dewatering characters of Yimin lignite are more rapid than those of Datangwujianfang lignite. Meanwhile, compared to Datangwujianfang lignite, Yimin lignite is easier to pyrolyze. Therefore, high-temperature flue gas drying process is suitable for lignite dewatering.",1
"The drying of coal was studied in a internal-heated fluidized bed dryer. The process parameters, drying intensity, heat transfer intensity and percentage of heat consumption distribution were calculated with the test results at the different fluidized bed temperatures, 83℃, 89℃ and 102℃. The dryer was operated at low fluidizing velocities (0.37m/s-0.41m/s) and average fluidized bed temperatures of 83℃-102℃. The maximum drying capacity 114kg/h was attained at 83℃, meanwhile the drying intensity was 76.5kg/(m2·h), the heat transfer intensity of the steam tubes was 4172W/m2, the average heat exchange rate of the fluidized bed was 200W/(m2·K),the heat consumption for evaporation of water in coal was 52%, the heat consumption of heating fluidized air and dryer heat loss were both 20%, the heat consumption of heating coal was 8%.",1
"For the development of dense phase transport gasification technology, lignite (YN), sub-bituminous (SD) and bituminous (NM) coals were pyrolyzed in a drop-tube furnace. A digital image particle analyzer was used to obtain both swelling ratio and sphericity simultaneously. The effects of coal rank, particle size, temperature and drying pretreatment on char morphology were studied. With the increase of coal rank, the swelling ratio and sphericity were both increased. YN lignite underwent an obvious shrinkage with swelling ratio about 0.66 after the 1273K pyrolysis. SD sub-bituminous and NM bituminous were more than 1. The particle sphericity was increased after pyrolysis because of the softening. With the increase of pyrolysis temperature, the swelling ratio of NM coal decreased, and the sphericity increased first and decreased then. Finer NM coal particles resulted in higher swelling and roundness. The swelling ratio of dried NM coal chars were higher, and increased with a higher pyrolysis temperature, which is contrary to the raw coals with moisture. The variation of sphericity with temperature was similar to the raw coal but the sphericity of dried coal char was lower than the raw coal. Drying pretreatment before pyrolysis experiments could significantly influence the morphology of chars.",0
"Based on the analysis of the characteristics of coalbed methane (CBM) water pulverized coal, this paper analyzes the liquid in the pump barrel flow with the opening and closing of the pump valve. It is proposed to research liquid in the pump barrel by piecewise analysis method , above the floating valve between liquid section as the goal, with small concentration pulverized coal particles as the research object, based on motion relative method, from single coal particles and low concentration pulverized coal particles of the actual flow analysis, in order to adjacent two particles as model, establish the graphics relations between the actual flow and the relative movement, so as to establish a single particle settling velocity and low concentration particle settling velocity relation model, based on this, this paper proposes for the first time the low concentration pulverized coal sedimentation speed calculation formula model in the static water of drainage pump barrel,and compares with experiment conclusion of coal powder sedimentation with different porosity of phase.From the result,we can conclude the application of the formula to calculate the value of coal powder sedimentation velocity and empirical value is close, the maximum error is 6.7%, verified the rationality of the formula.",1
"Mass flowrate regulating valve of coal powder has been widely used in entrained-flow pulverized coal gasification plants and plays an important role in the regulation of coal mass flowrate. The performance of the imported regulating valve in Anqing Shell Coal Gasification Plant was tested. The test results showed that the pulverized coal flowrate was significantly sensitive to the valve opening while it was below about 20%. When the valve opening was more than 40%, the valve became almost ineffective in regulation. Meanwhile, its pressure drop characteristics in both conveying loop process and gasifier feeding process of pulverized coal were also analyzed. Based on the performance studied, the optimization for the gasifier feeding operation was suggested.",1
"The flow of syngas and the temperature distributions of three sections of heating surface and three circular gaps for convective waste heat boiler under the two kinds of ambience (CO and H2, CO2 and N2) are studied respectively by numerical simulation methods. The results show that under two kinds of ambience, the velocity fields are similar; the residence time of discrete phase in the boilers are identical; under two kinds of ambience, the changing laws of heat transfer coefficient varying with the circular gap and three sections of heating surface are the same. The heat transfer coefficient under CO2 and N2 ambience is bigger than that under reducing ambience; under two kinds of ambience, heat transfer distribution is different, which leads to big difference in temperature field. The different temperature distribution caused by different ambience will contribute to different arrangement of the heating surface in the boiler. Therefore, the article provides the reference to the design of safety and high efficiency of convective waste heat boiler under two different ambience.",1
"The experiments on the co-gasification of corn straw and lean coal with steam-oxygen-carbon dioxide mixture were carried out in the fixed bed gasifier. The effects of straw proportion，reaction temperature and the oxygen concentration(OC) on the gas composition and low heat value (LHV) were investigated. The results show that the straw in the samples promote the production of CO and hydrocarbon and suppress the production of H2, however, excessive straw can reduce the gas content and LHV. The gas content of CO and H2 reach their maximum when the straw percentage reaches 0.2 and 0, respectively. The LHV reaches the maximum at the straw percentage of 0.2. The increase of temperature can promote the co-gasification and improve the gas content, but excessive temperature suppress the production of CnHm. By increasing OC, the gas content and LHV are improved. LHV reaches the maximum when the OC comes to 0.2. The mixing of CO2 in the enriched gas can improve the gas content and save cost.",1
"A two-stage fixed bed reactor was used to simulate the three-stage bed pyrolysis of coal for implementing the pyrolysis successively at low, medium and high temperatures of 450℃, 650℃ and 900℃.  The interaction of pyrolysis reactions between two adjacent stages, i.e. between the low- and medium-temperature pyrolysis in the upper two stages and between the medium- and high-temperature pyrolysis in the lower two stages, was investigated to reveal the mechanism of improvement on the quality of tar and gas for multi-stage bed pyrolysis of coal.  It was found that the interaction between the low- and medium-temperature pyrolysis increased the light fractions in tar (boiling points below 360℃) and CH4 content in gas, while it decreased the H2 content in the gas.  This indicates that the tar quality improvement via the interaction between the low- and medium-temperature pyrolysis in the upper two stages is mainly due to the in-situ upgrading of tar catalyzed by char.  The interaction between the medium- and high-temperature pyrolysis increased the tar yield and light tar fractions, while it elevated the CH4 and CO contents and decreased the H2 content in the pyrolysis gas.  These show that it is the H2-rich atmosphere that improved the yield and quality of tar by the interaction between the medium- and high-temperature pyrolysis.  As a consequence, the multi-stage bed coal pyrolysis realized mainly the in-situ upgrading of tar under catalysis of char and the H2-rich atmosphere of pyrolysis that can improve the quality of the pyrolysis oil and gas.",0
"This experiment is the use of low ash, high moisture Xinjiang coal, and industrial methanol as raw material, for the detailed methanol coal slurry preparation and characteristics. The experiment choose the grinding 172μm and 54μm two different pulverized coal. Discuss the impact of ratio of raw materials for the preparation of methanol of methanol coal slurry,granularity to select,type and amount of dispersant (stabilizers),as well as the influence of temperature on the performance of the methanol coal slurry. The optimum technological condition is that: the dosage of sodium dodecyl sulfate and bentonite are 25%，coal particle size grinding 172μm: 54μm = 1∶1 mixed with the lowest viscosity. Performance measurements show that the viscosity of methanol coal slurry below 1200mPa·s, Stability is very good and the highest concentration of methanol coal slurry is 63%.",1
"In order to investigate the effects of particle size to characteristics of semi-coke from the coal pyrolysis process, the characteristics of semi-coke including yield, ash content, volatile content, and structure were studied. The results shows that the activation energy increased with coal particle size, and the volatile emission from large particle coal pyrolysis was higher than that from little particle coal pyrolysis in low temperature. The semi-coke yield always decreased with the increase of particle size, while the coal tar yield decreased with the increase of particle size. The structure of semi-coke from little particle coal pyrolysis was not fine and close due to low degree of crystallinity. The ash content of semi-coke from little particle coal pyrolysis appeared increasing with the decrease of particle size due to more mineral substance in little particles, while the volatile content of semi-coke from large particle coal pyrolysis was lower caused by more volatile emission during pyrolysis process.",0
"The coking coal blending technology of stamp-charging coke oven was studied using different species of coking coal. According to the requirement of metallurgical coke, the reasonable coal blending scheme was investigated. Based on this，coke which is accorded with the characteristic of coke ash and sulfur content, the broken and abrasion Strength, coke reactivity (CRI) and coke strength after reaction (CSR) will be available. The results show that the coke ash value can be predicted from modified formula, and the coke sulfur content can be predicted from the raw material and the empirical value of the mixed coal sulfur content. The reasonable volatile matter of mixed coal is chosen based on requirements of coke ash and sulfur content, cold and hot state. Coal strength is forecasted by thickness of colloidal matter layer（y） of mixed coal for stamp-charging coke oven, which shows the practical significance to the applications in industrial production.",1
"With a coal extract as precursor, four kinds of carbon materials (named FKC600, FKC700, FKC800, FKC900) used for supercapacitor electrode were successfully prepared by using carbonization method at 600℃,700℃,800℃,900℃ under the protection of nitrogen, respectively. The pore structure of as-obtained carbon materials were characterized by hypothermia nitrogen adsorption.The electrochemical properties of supercapacitors with carbon materials as electrodes were studied by using galvanostatic charge-discharge and  cyclic voltammetry techniques. The results showed that, with carbonization temperature increasing, the specific surface area and total pore volume of the four carbon materials increased gradually, but the overall pore structures were underdeveloped. The specific surface area of the FKC600 and FKC700 only reached about 14·g-1. Four carbon materials in 3mol/L KOH electrolyte had a good charge-discharge reversibility, behaved a typical double layer capacitance. The volumetric specific capacitance and area capacitance first increased and then decreased with carbonization temperature increasing. The volumetric specific capacitance of FKC700 reached up to 112.4F·cm-3, the area specific capacitance of FKC600 and FKC700 were more than 800μF/cm2 much higher than the theoretical storage limit of carbon materials.",1
"Formed activated carbon was prepared from Shenmu bituminous with coal tar pitch as binder by KOH and ZnCl2 activation under low impregnation ratio. Specific surface area and pore structure parameters were characterized by nitrogen adsorption at 77K. The influence of impregnation ratio on pore structure of formed activated carbon and its adsorption properties were investigated. The differences of structure and properties of activated carbon prepared by KOH and ZnCl2 activation were also studied. The results showed that the specific surface area, total pore volume and iodine adsorption value of activated carbon prepared by KOH activation were all higher than ZnCl2 activation under the same impregnation ratio. The specific surface area, total pore volume, the ratio of mesopore and iodine adsorption value of formed activated carbon prepared by KOH activation reaches 811m2/g, 0.513cm3/g, 23.6%, 1125mg/g when the impregnation ratio is 1.0, and formed activated carbon prepared by ZnCl2 activation reaches 472m2/g, 0.301cm3/g, 30.6%, 527mg/g respectively. The pore size of formed activated carbon prepared by two kinds of activation method mainly distribute in a range of 1.2nm-2.0nm and 3.6nm-4.5nm.",1
"In light of this situation, the technology of briquette of bituminous coal in low rank is still in the initial stage. In order to study the influence of terminal temperature and its holding time on briquette quality, a series of experiments of single factor under different terminal temperature and different holding time at the best terminal temperature were carried out under natural and saturated state by concerned equipments to manufacture briquette and determine the strength of briquette. The testing results show that 160℃ can be used as the best terminal temperature for drying coal briquette by bituminous coal in low rank (Shenmu coal), and reasonable holding time of best terminal temperature is 20min-30min.",1
"Thermogravimetric analysis was used to study pyrolysis characteristics of bituminous coal of datong(coal sample DT), municipal sludge(sludge SZ) and the mixture. The differences of pyrolysis behavior of sludge SZ, coal sample DT and sludge-coal blends were disclosed, and the influences of sludge SZ, coal sample DT and mixing ratio of sludge and coal on the pyrolysis process were studied. It is found that the pyrolysis feature of municipal sludge is much better than that of bituminous coal; the municipal sludge and bituminous coal have different pyrolysis characteristics parameters in aspects of total weight loss, weight loss rate and volatile release temperature range. Sludge SZ and coal sample DT blending on the pyrolysis process have catalytic effect, and their biggest catalysis of blending specific flow is not the same. The pyrolysis characteristics of sludge-coal blends are related to the mixing ratio of sludge SZ and coal sample DT.",0
"Taking the glucose concentration of 2000mg / L, the mediator concentration of 1.66×10-1 mmol/L, the MFC was operated for up 13. The experiment identified the influence of the long running to the MFC’s electrochemical behavior. It took 1.5h for starting up,attained its maximum output voltage,then entered plateaus . The charge transfer resistance decreased from 216Ω to 76.52Ω, manifesting the biofilm had become immature completely,it operated steadily .To the 13th day, the charge transfer resistance has increased by up to 1657Ω,the long time running leaded to the greatly decrease of biofilm electrochemical activity, The capacity of MFC’s producing electricity decreased greatly.",1
"In this paper, cordierite honeycomb carriers were pretreated by different acid and alkaline solutions to prepare Fe-Mo/ZSM-5 monolithic catalysts. The effect of pretreatment method on the coating rate and performance of the monolithic catalyst was studied. Meanwhile, the surface character, structure and surface acidity of the monolithic catalyst were analyzed by XRD, NH3-TPD and SEM techniques. Results showed that acid and alkaline pretreatment can both increase the coating rate and the catalytic performance of the monolithic catalyst, and the catalyst pretreated by HCl performed best. It is believed that this result can be contributed to the effect of acid solution, which can modify the cordierite surface and change the surface acidity of monolithic catalyst.",1
"Pyridine extraction of Shendong Shangwan coal(SDR), macerals of vitrinite concentrate(SDV) and inertinite concentrate(SDI) obtained using sink-float method combined with hand-picking from SDR were conducted. The coal samples before and after pyridine extraction were characterized using 13C-NMR, FTIR and XRD. The  extraction rate of three samples are as follows: SDV(15.78%)>SDR(13.89%)>SDI(9.4%). The results of 13C-NMR, FTIR and XRD for the samples after pyridine extraction show that the aromaticity increase, —CH3, —CH2, C—H aliphatic side chain, C—O functional group, hydroxyl groups and other small structure decrease, while the skeletal structure of three coal samples  have no change.",1
"In this paper, an experimental study on the 13C-NMR characteristics of coal structure before and after being interacted with chlorine dioxide was carried out selecting five different rank coal samples, and the results are as follows that the aliphatic carbon radicals of higher chemical activity have a decrease after chlorine dioxide due to their partial transformation into other relatively stable radicals; the oxygenic functional radicals have a reduction while the carboxyl and carbonyl of some small molecules have an increase; the unsaturated hydrocarbon bonds of aromatic hydrocarbons and the other oxygen bonds of aromatic nucleus are fractured, and part of aromatic nucleus is opened and thereby the aromaticity is reduced. This study provides an experimental support for revealing the mechanisms that chlorine dioxide affects the adsorption capacity and permeability of coal reservoirs.",1
"Low-temperature co-pyrolysis of Eichhornia crassipes(EC) and low-rank coal(LFC) blends were undertaken in a special fixed bed reactor. The results show that the pyrolysis oil yield rise to 11.32% with EC ratio of 30%, which increased by 24.81% and 5.11% respectively compared with coal and calculated value from the additive model. From TG experiments, additional weight loss is observed at 300 ℃-700 ℃. The content of alkanes rise by 34.46% supported by GC-MS and H/C of co-pyrolysis oil rise by 8.72% compared with coal, while heat value is slightly lower than that of gasoline and diesel fuels. Due to the synergetic effect existed in co-pyrolysis of EC and coal, the quality of co-pyrolysis oil is upgraded.",0
"Different mixing ratio and different heating rates are used in different coal mixed with oily sludge pyrolysis experiments by thermogravimetric analyzer, the pyrolysis gas is analyzed by gas chromatography. The experimental results show that the pyrolysis process of coal and oily sludge mixture is divided into five stages, which is dehydration, precipitation of light hydrocarbons, cracking of heavy hydrocarbon and removal of coal small molecular chain, secondary cracking of heavy hydrocarbons and removal of coal big molecular chain, polycondensation reactions of the char and decomposition of mineral. Oily sludge mixed with coal pyrolysis kinetics parameters can be solved by using Coats-Redfern integration method which also brings us kinetics parameters dependence of mixing ratio, heating rate and coal type. Pyrolysis gas is H2, N2, CO2, CO, CH4, C2H6, C2H4, C3H8 and C3H6, etc by gas chromatography. The generation law of main gaseous product (H2,N2,CO2 and CH4) is analyzed.",0
"The effect of iron-based catalysts such as Fe(NO3)3, FeCl3 and (NH4)2Fe(SO4)2 prepared by impregnation method on the hydropyrolysis behavior were investigated using a fixed-bed reactor in this paper. The role of catalyst, (NH4)2Fe(SO4)2, having the highest yield of tar was investigated, and its tar was evaluated. The results showed that coal hydropyrolysis conversion was improved after adding these three catalysts; adding (NH4)2Fe(SO4)2 of 5%, the tar yield increased from 14.3%(daf) without catalysts to 17.9%(daf). Adding different valence iron catalyst, the role of iron catalyst is different. The existence of ammonium root is conducive to the improvement of coal pyrolysis conversion and tar yield. The tar prepared from (NH4)2Fe(SO4)2 has a good quality compared with that prepared without catalyst, its quality greatly improved.",0
"The primary issue of automatic coal petrography using image analysis method is to determine the relationship between gray value of images and the reflectance. A theoretical approach was made to analyze the relationship followed by experiments using standard materials. The suitable illumination conditions were also studied. Finally comparisons of working curves and precision between image analysis method and microscope photometer method were conducted. A linear correlation and a high degree of linear correlation coefficient had been found between gray value of images and the reflectance by both theoretical and experimental methods. The degree of linear correlation was close to 1 in a wide illumination range and the smaller the field stop was, the better the degree of linear correlation. The precision of image analysis method could match that of the traditional one.",1
"The coal object was obtained from Jiangjunmiao in Xinjiang. Tetralin as hydrogen donor and pulping solvent, the coal slurry was prepared with colloid mill by wet milling. The effect of the grinded time on coal slurry particle size was investigated. Particle size distribution was measured by Laster granulometer. The result showed that primary particle size distribution scope were 8 000 nm-10 800 nm（2 000 mesh-1 000 mesh）, 2 400 nm-2 900 nm（6 000 mesh-5 000 mesh），800 nm-1 200 nm（18 700 mesh-12 500 mesh）and 500 nm-1 250 nm（30 000 mesh-12 000 mesh）with grinded by 1 h, 2 h, 3 h, 4 h, respectively. Results of the direct coal hydrogenation liquefaction experiment under low pressure showed that if the coal particle size become smaller, the reunion would happen in the coal particles, then the oil yield would decrease. With the same liquefaction condition, oil yield of 200 mesh coal sample was 75.24%, oil yield of 1 340 mesh coal sample was 59.96%; while, 1 340 mesh coal sample was treated by ultrasonic treatment, oil yield has been greatly up to 80.04% and increased by almost 20%.",0
"Optimal conditions for grafting reaction of sodium lignosulfonate (SL) and acrylamide (AM) through orthogonal experiment were determined. And its influence on the slurry concentration, viscosity and stability of bituminous coal were observed with the modified products as coal water slurry (CWS) dispersants. The results of this experiment indicated that when the ratio of AM to SL is 1∶5, the temperature is 40 ℃, K2S2O8-NaHSO3 as an initiator, and the dosage of which is 3%, the reaction keeping time as 2.5 h, then the obtained is effective as a dispersant. When the amount of additive was 0.8% of the mass of the dry coal, and the concentration of CWS was 69%, the viscosity was 550 mPa·s, and the penetration ratio after 3 d was 74.75%. Under the same conditions, unmodified SL had a higher viscosity of 610 mPa·s than the former, the penetration ratio after 3 d was 70.68%. The dewatering rate decreased by 4.45% compared to the modified SL.",1
"As a raw material, lignin from cheap maize straw could be modified to synthesizing additive through suffocated method, the optimal process parameters of synthesizing suffocated lignin: temperature is 90 ℃-95 ℃, the ratio of mass of and Na2SO3 and lignin is 2, reaction time is 6 h, the dosage of 37% HCHO is 2 mL/g(lignin). The infrared characterization demonstrates that suffocated lignin has new absorption peak at 979 cm-1 and 633 cm-1; the surface tension was determined by Baijinban method. It indicates that lignin is modified successfully and effectually. As a dispersant, suffocated lignin is used to study slurry ability of CWS, it is able to reducing apparent viscosity and raising concentration of CWS effectively, when the dosage of dispersant is 1%, the concentration of CWS attains to 70%, liquidity is grade A, velocity faster and unremitting, flow pattern is exquisite, settling time is to 25 d, no hard precipitation.",1
"Two coking coals with different content of mineral matter and similar sulfur content were demineralized combined by HCl-HF-CrCl2. The deashed coals were pyrolyzed under argon atmosphere at 300 ℃, 500 ℃, 700 ℃ and 900 ℃ to get transformation of organic sulfur functionality occurring during pyrolysis. The XPS S2p spectra obtained were curve-resolved into three peaks with Lorentzian-Gaussian method: sulphidic(163.3 eV±0.4 eV), thiophenic(164.1 eV±0.2 eV) and sulfoxide(166.0 eV±0.5 eV). It has been demonstrated that there are not exist pyrite and sulfate in deashed coal, and organic sulfur in coal distribution is even, they occurrence in three kinds of form, namely, organic sulfide, thiophenic and sulfoxide, there are not exist sulfone in two deashed coals. The organic sulfide can decomposed completely at 700 ℃ in two coals, which evolved in the form of gas under lower temperature and which can formed thiophenic compounds under higher temperature. The content of thiophenic increase with the temperature rise but has unobvious change before 300 ℃, the change of sulfoxide is irregular.",1
"The slag as catalyst was added to the fat coal in Pengcheng with different blending ratios, and cokes were then prepared from these blended coal samples. The thermal properties of coke were tested, and X-ray diffraction, SEM analysis and liquid nitrogen absorption were carried out. It was shown that the CO2-gasification reactivity of the resulting cokes significantly increased with the increase of the addition of slag, and their reactivity was enhanced at a maximum. Also, with the same addition, the smaller the size of the slag is, the higher the coke reactivity index is. However, the post-reaction strength of the coke decreased with the increase of the addition of slag. The ash and sulfur of cokes increased with the increase of the addition of slag but there was a point for the sulfur. And the coke directional degree got worse and the degree of cyclic condensation become smaller with the increase of the addition of slag. And the surface area of cokes increased at first and then decreased with CRI increase. The EDS study showed the compounds of Fe and Ca were evenly distributed in the coke, which enhanced the CO2-gasification reactivity and degraded the strength of the coke texture.",1
"The coal characteristic to the application feasibility of the cogeneration technology was studied, based on a 1 kg/h scale pyrolysis results of three low-rank coals with different degree of metamorphism. It was found that the characteristic of chars was similar to that of bituminous coal after pyrolysis. Using of char blends as boiler fuels, the boiler efficiency increased than using raw coal blends and the increasing became more notably as the decrease of the coal metamorphism. In addition, the pyrolysis product, low-temperature coal tar will create substantial economic value for the power plant. The tar yield increased as the increase of the volatile content and the H/C ratio. However, the high water content in the coal will decrease the tar yield per unit and thus the economic feasibility decreased.",0
"This paper utilizes the Aspen Plus software to simulate the system process, but to make sure the correctness of the simulation, first of all, a large amount of actual running data must be collected to adjust the Aspen Plus software. Energy method and exergy method are used to analyze the whole process, the energy flow chart and exergy flow chart are produced for this polygeneration systems. The results show that the gasification quenching process possess the maximum energy loss, the syngas separation and throttle process possess the maximum exergy loss, the energy loss and exergy loss of the purge gas release process are more than the average loss. It is also concluded that the burning exergy loss can be reduced in high pressure.",1
"With the gas-steam ratio of self-provided power plant in an iron and steel works taken as an object, flue gas temperature, hot air temperature, feed water temperature, air fuel ratio and oxygen content in flue gas are the major factors influencing gas-steam ratio, which is analyzed by grey relation analysis. A prediction model of gas-steam ration of self-provided power plant is established on the basis of BP neural network, which is a 5-12-1 network structure, the hidden layer and output layer is transferred by tansig and purelin function respectively, momentum gradient descent optimization algorithm, traingdm is also used to train network. The results show that the model can effectively predict the gas-steam ratio of boiler, the correlation coefficient of actual values and training ones is 0.993 7, and the correlation coefficient of actual values and prediction ones is 0.976 2, the mean absolute error is also controlled within the scope. Showing a good generalization ability and outreach capacity, we can provide a theoretical basis and guide for the real production.",1
"The Inner Mongolia coal and sorghum straw around Taiyuan, Shanxi Province were selected as the samples in this study. The effect of char preparation method, coal/biomass blend ratio and gas residence time were tested on steam gasification reactions and methanation reactions in a fixed bed reactor under the pressure of 3.5 MPa and the temperature of 700 ℃. The results showed that no synergistic effects were observed on steam gasification reaction when co-gasification of coal char and sorghum straw char blend. The catalytic activity of sorghum straw char on methanation reaction is higher than that of the coal char, however, the catalysis of sorghum straw char is equivalent to coal char after wash with water. Analysis showed that the alkali metal potassium content was significantly decreased after water wash. The relation between the methanation activity and potassium amount in biomass showed that the potassium in biomass played the key catalytic effect during methanation reactions. The increase of residence time of gas in the dense zone of the gasifier has significance on the increase of methane yield.",1
"The preparation process of hypercoal was studied with lignite as raw material. Effects of reaction temperature, type of solvents, reaction time and solid-to-liquid ratio on the extraction yield and hypercoal ash contents were investigated. The results showed that using NMP as solvent and under the conditions of reaction temperature of 360 ℃, reaction time of 1 h, solid-to-liquid ratio of 4 g∶200 mL, the extraction rate of hypercoal is 48.8%, and ash contents is 0.54%. Infrared spectrum analysis showed that the non-covalent bond had broken and the hydrogen bond had associated. The hypercoal had a better property than that of lignite. The value of caking index(G) is 95.61.",1
"This paper presented the preparation of activated coke from Inner Mongolia East Mongolia lignite. The activation reactions were studied using the tubular electro-thermal furnace with water stream as activation gas. The orthogonal experiments, in which the activation conditions were activation temperature, activation time and vapor velocity, were carried out to inspect the effects of reaction conditions on activated coke properties. The result shows that the optimum activation conditions were determined as: activation temperature 800 ℃, activation time 90 min and vapor velocity 2 g/min, with comprehensively consideration of methylene blue adsorption value and yield rate. The sample which was prepared under the optimum condition had a developed mesopore with a diameter of 4 nm.",1
"Ni-Mg/Al2O3 catalyst for syngas methanation was prepared by an approach combining co-precipitation and hydrothermal methods. The effect of calcination and reduction temperatures on catalyst structure and performance for methanation were investigated by activity evaluation and catalyst characterization using X-ray diffraction (XRD), temperature-programmed H2 reduction (H2-TPR), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and so on. The results showed that with the increase in calcination temperature the reduction of the catalyst become more difficult because of the formation of NiAl2O4 at high temperatures, especially at temperatures above 900 ℃. The specific surface area of the catalyst decreased from 130 m2/g to 34 m2/g corresponding to the calcination temperatures rise from 500 ℃ to 900 ℃. After calcination at 600 ℃, the stability and catalytic activity of the catalyst first increased and then decreased with raising the reduction temperature, and the best methanation performance appeared at a reduction temperature of 650 ℃. This is due to the differences in the reductive degrees of nickel compounds and in the grain sizes of resulting Ni. It demonstrates actually the relationship between the catalytic performance for methanantion and the structure of the Ni-Mg/Al2O3 catalyst. This study clarified that for good catalytic performance of methanation, the grain size of Ni should be small and the interaction between active metal (Ni) and catalyst supporter (Al2O3) should be moderate.",1
"Effect of spouted bed with four different draft tubes on solid circulation can’t be ignored. This paper mainly studies the effect of four different forms draft tube with different installation height,different bed material height and different amout of fluidised gas on particle circulation. Particle circulation increases as bed material height rises.In a certain range,particle circulation increases as installation height of draft tube and loose gas flow rate rise.",1
"According to investigation of other researchers' work, the article summarizes the principles and the features of coal char preparation methods at high heating rate under pressurized condition, including PWMR, HPFFB, PDTF etc. By comparing the methods, PDTF is the ideal system. At last, the first domestic PDTF system developed by Tsinghua University is introduced, which achieves a pressure range of 0.1 MPa-3.1 MPa, a temperature range up to 1 873 K, a particle feed rate of 0.6 g/h-6 g/h, and a comparatively long constant temperate length. Different coal char can be produced at high pressure and high heating rate conditions by the PDTF system.",1
"In this work, three different metamorphic grade undeformed coals (Ro,max=0.38%-1.06%) and three different deformation type coals(weak-brittle deformed coal, strong-brittle deformed coal and strong-ductile deformed coal)were compared, evolution characteristics of hydrogen from gaseous products on different metamorphic grades and deformation types deformed coals were explored during pyrolysis. The results show that there is a definite difference in the transgression amount of H2 with the increasing temperature during the pyrolysis of the three undeformed coals(SGT01,JZT01 and WY01), but there is little difference on the accumulated generation of H2 during their pyrolysis. At the same temperature, there are obviously differences during the emission of three deformed coals, it is obviously that the generation amount of H2 of strong-ductile deformed coal(XTM10) and strong-brittle deformed coal(XTM07)are less than that of weak-brittle deformed coal(XTM09). It is clearly that the generation amount of H2 of strong-ductile deformed coal(XTM10) also less than that of strong-brittle deformed coal(XTM07).",1
"In this paper, pyrolysis of the coal (Pingshuo) behavior was investigated in the fixed bed reactor under different reactive atmosphere. The effect of pyrolysis temperature and heating rate on tar, water, char yields and desulfurization rate was studied. The results indicated that methane can produce large amounts of CHx groups in the presence of a catalyst. The CHx groups made the radicals produced by the pyrolysis of coal more stable, and then improved the tar yield. The higher tar yield can be obtained when Pingshuo coal pyrolysis was integrated with the atmosphere of CH4/CO2（catalyst）. In the pyrolysis temperature of 600 ℃, the tar, water and char yield and desulfurization rate were 33.5%, 25.8%, 69.5% and 25.3%(mass fraction) respectively under the atmosphere of CH4/CO2（catalyst）, which was 1.6 and 1.8 times as that under H2 and N2, respectively.",0
"Pyrolysis experiments for pine sawdust, undried lignite and their blending samples were performed in a tubular furnace. The results showed that the gas yields increased gradually, while liquid and solid yields reduced with the increase of pyrolysis temperature when pyrolyzed separately. High temperature was beneficial to the rapid evaporation of the moisture in lignite, and promoted the steam reforming reaction of pyrolysis product and water vapor. The addition of pine sawdust adjusted the proportion of carbon and hydrogen and promoted the pyrolysis of lignite. When the pine sawdust proportion was 30%, the difference value of the carbon conversion rate and gas generation rate between experimental value and calculated value reached to the maximum. It showed that the synergy effect behaved significantly in this condition.",0
"The co-pyrolysis of carboniferous high sulfur coal from Weibei with white straw was presented. The effects of the pyrolysis temperature, heating rate, holding time, mix ratio of coal and biomass and pressure on the desulfurization of organic sulfur and its desulfurization law were investigated by the orthogonal test. FTIR and SEM were employed to analyze structure characteristics and pore properties of the semi-coke. The effects of low temperature extractions on the desulfurization of co-pyrolysis with biomass were introduced. The results show that the effect of pyrolysis temperature on desulfurization rate is significant. The best desulfurization conditions are 850 ℃, 15 ℃/min, 15 min, 1∶4 and 2 MPa. Pore structure of co-pyrolysis semicoke presents with a degree of regularity, thin walls, and relative large diameters, which benefits the release and spread of sulfur during co-pyrolysis. The desulfurization rates of co-pyrolysis are increased by low temperature extractions, especially for the hot water refined coal. Its co-pyrolysis desulfurization rate is about 39%.",0
"The catalyst NiO/Al2O3 was prepared according ultrasonic impregnation-roasting method, the low transformation coal was researched in the microwave pyrolysis process with the catalyst. The relationship between the composition of gas, component characteristics change of liquid oil, morphology of solid residue and the load catalyst was discussed. The results showed that the NiO/Al2O3 catalysts played a significant catalytic effect during the process of coal pyrolysis, the hydrogen production from coal pyrolysis and the tar production rate had increased significantly, the products prepered under the condition of 450 ℃ ultrasonic impregnation and roasting 4 h had the best catalytic activity.",0
"Organic solvent was used to extract small molecular compounds of the Yanzhou coal, extraction rate basically no longer changed when approaching 12.26% after extraction of 14 h. The molecular weight of small molecule compounds of Yanzhou coal was determined by gel permeation chromatography, the molecular weight ranging from dozens to tens of thousands, but mainly concentrated about M=400 g/mol. Finally by pycnometer method, using the mixed liquid density formula method, small molecule compounds density was measured, that is 1.192 4 g/cm3.",1
"The changes in O-containing functional groups and surface hydrophilic property due to hydrothermal treatments under different conditions were examined in this paper using Shengli lignite. The results showed that the increases in reaction temperature, reaction time and and initial pressure could promote the removal of O-containing functional groups to different extents. The maximum removal rate of the methoxy, carboxyl and phenolic hydroxyl were 67.88%, 89.41% and 93.70%, respectively. The contact angle of the coal samples (with water) increased after the removal of O-containing functional groups, which was a direct reflection of  weak hydrophilic property on coal surface. The linear fit analysis demonstrated that the contact angle has a better correlation with carboxyl than other functional groups, implying strong affinity between carboxyl and water due to the formation of hydrogen bond.",1
"In this study, Zaozhuang coal is extracted with carbon tetrachloride under microwave irradiation before and after hydrogen peroxide oxidation respectively, and the composition of the extract is analyzed by infrared spectrum and GC/MS/MS. The results show that 37 kinds of compounds including fat hydrocarbon, aromatic hydrocarbon and heteroatom containing organic compounds can be detected in the CCl4 extraction of Zaozhuang coal by GC/MS/MS. Among that, the majority of aliphatic hydrocarbons are alkanes that has seven kinds, alcohols and ketones that have five kinds respectively; and many aromatic hydrocarbons, amides, aldehydes, grease and other common organic compounds are detected. Aliphatic hydrocarbons include n-paraffins and isoparaffins. Heteroatem containing organic compounds include oxygen compounds, sulfur compounds and nitrogen compounds.",1
"The lignite drying process of a 600 MW oxy-fuel combustion power plant was simulated by Aspen Plus software. The effect on drying characteristics of drying medium, temperature, flow rate and the concentration of CO2 and H2O in flue gas were investigated. The simulation results show that the flue gas of oxy-fuel combustion is suitable for lignite drying. CO2 in the flue gas can effectively prevent spontaneous combustion of lignite which make drying process more safety; CO2 can increase the drying capacity of flue gas, while H2O in the flue gas will inhibit evaporation of moisture in the coal; the increase of drying temperature and flow rate will accelerate lignite drying to achieve the requirements, while effect of the drying temperature is more obvious. According to the simulating results, temperature of 150 ℃ and flow rate of 1.4×106 m3/h are the best drying conditions for the 600 MW oxy-fuel combustion power plant.",1
"Adding different content of alkaline oxide in the coal of Yan’an Zichang Hecaogou, the effect of oxide content on the ash melting temperature were studied and the mechanism of the ash fusion temperature change were analyzed by XRD and scanning electron microscope. The results show that in several oxides, Na2O has the best effect on reducing the ash melting temperature, can make the ash fusion temperature from 1 300 ℃ to 1 195 ℃, reduced by 105 ℃, followed by CaO, K2O and MgO, decreased 75 ℃, 55 ℃ and 45 ℃ respectively. The change of mineral composition is a major cause of the change of ash fusion temperature, while ash in the melting process. The study has vital significance in the melting temperature on changes in the coal of Yan’an Zichang Hecaogou and expanding its scope of application.",1
"In this paper, the coal blending were obtained by mixing Fugu coal (A) with Shenmu West Ditch coal (B) and Shenmu River coal (C) in different proportion, respectively. Fugu coal has high ash melting point, while Shenmu West Ditch coal and Shenmu River coal have low ash melting point. The ash was produced by calcining in muffle furnace. The temperatures of melting characteristic of the ash in the weak reduction atmosphere were measured by JRHR-3 microcomputer ash melting point apparatus. The changes of the mineral composition in the ashes of the coal blending which were obtained in different proportion and at different temperatures were analyzed by the X-ray diffraction (XRD) and CaO-SiO2-Al2O3 three phase diagram. The experimental results show that coal blending can effectively improve the fusibility of ash melting. The ash melting point of coal blending and the proportion of coal blending have a non-linear relation. The change of the ash melting point of the coal blending is mainly due to the transformation of minerals at high temperature.",1
"In this study, water hyacinth was pre-treated using a ball mill and then the pre-treated water hyacinth, Shenfu coal, water and dispersant were used to prepare water hyacinth-coal slurry (WHCS) proportionately. The slurry ability and rheological properties of WHCS were investigated, which were also compared with coal-water slurry(CWS). The results showed that the yield stress, thixotropy and stability of WHCS were found to be much higher than that of CWS. But the absolute value of the zeta potential of WHCS was smaller than that of CWS. With increasing ball milling time, the WHCS slurry ability was enhanced, the yield stress was obviously decreased, thixotropy and stability was slightly weakened, while the zeta potential absolute value was increased.",1
"Co-pyrolysis characteristics of low rank mixed with metallurgical slag in different proportions were studied in a dry distillation equipment. The results show that the content of CH4 and H2 increased obviously in coal gas, which is up to 23.98% and 38.12%.The yield of tar and water slightly decreased, but straight-chain alkanes and some high value-added chemical compounds increased, which improved the quality of coal tar at the same time. The number of semi-coke surface cracks increased and formated depth of crack, so the reactivity of carbocoal increased. The catalytic pyrolysis process of ironmaking slage more effected than other kinds of metallurgical slag.",0
"In this paper, formed coke with excellent quality was successfully prepared by briquetting pyrolysis technology, in which low rank coal and direct coal liquefaction residue (DCLR) were adopted as main raw material and additive separately. The composition and structure of formed coke were characterized by FTIR and SEM, and the effect of the proportion of DCLR on the compressive strength of formed coke was investigated. The results indicated that formed coke’s compressive strength increased first and then decreased with the proportion increase of DCLR. The compressive strength reached its maximum 573.3 N/ball as the proportion of D-DCLR increased to 40%, which was mainly attributed to the proportion increase of both the ash and colloidal matter.",1
"The main factors such as extraction time, concentration of alkaline solution and extraction temperature were chosen as parameters to optimize the process of extracting humic acid from lignite. Box-Behnken central composite design and advanced mathematics were applied to achieve the mathematical model that could predict the response (extraction rate). Model variance analysis results showed that the prediction model had good prediction and adaptability. Main process conditions were optimized by the response surface analysis. Results showed that best technological conditions could be obtained when extraction time was 82.32 min, sodium hydroxide solution concentration was 0.94 mol/L and temperature was 65.83 ℃. Prediction model showed that the maximum extraction rate was 82.19% and the actual experiment obtained a similar result.",1
"Activated carbons were prepared from Taixi anthracite. KCl was used as additive in this study. The preparation process is under the following procedures: mixing, extruding, carbonization and activation. The properties of the carbons were characterized by CO2 adsorption capacity, iodine number, specific surface area and pore size distribution (PSD). The capacity of CO2 adsorption was independent of iodine number, specific surface area and total pore volume. Further studies show that the CO2 adsorption capacity of the activated carbon has great relevance with the PSD. In order to find the optimum pore size for CO2 adsorption, the pore size was divided into different ranges which were fitted with the CO2 adsorption capacity by linear regression analysis through the excel software, and the relationship between the PSD and the CO2 adsorption capacity was investigated. The result showed that the CO2 adsorption capacity of activated carbon has great relevance with the pore volume between 0.61 nm and 0.79 nm and to increase the pore volume is a vital way to increase the CO2 adsorption capacity.",1
"This paper intends to study the optimum culture condition of coal fermenting to produce hydrogen when interacted under the conditions of glucose, pH, dosage of coal and concentration of Fe2+. Based on the testing of which Fe2+, pH and glucose were used as single factors, by means of range analysis principle, a four-factor interactional experiment was designed and the data was collected by response surface method, in which glucose, pH, dosage of coal and concentration of Fe2+ were the response factors and gas production was the response value. The results show that glucose and pH both have a notable impact on hydrogen production respectively, and the interaction between pH and Fe2+ works significantly as well, whereas the effect of dosage of coal is not very obvious. The experiment bears out that under the conditions that the dosage of glucose is 6 g/L and the original pH is 5.5, and the dosage of coal matrix is 50 g/L and FeCl2·4H2O is 10 mg/L, the hydrogen production effect is best and up to 24.26 mL/g, which provides an advantageous reference for the large-scale industrialized experiment.",1
"This paper aimed to reduce the toxicity of coal tar pitch by using the combined of modifiers, and investigated pavement performance of coal tar pitch. To analyze the content of toxic substances-benzo[a]pyrene, UV spectrophotometric was used. Besides, it was discussed that the high temperature performance and temperature sensitivity of specially treated coal tar pitch. The results showed that the treated coal tar pitch in the high-carcinogen-benzo[a]pyrene reduced to a great extent, reduction rate was up to 85.22%. Not only the high and low temperature performance of coal tar pitch improved, but also the temperature sensitivity declined.",0
"The un-reacted shrinking core dynamic model of CaO-SO2 solid  fluorine reaction was set up. Calculated by the model, under these conditions that macro reaction, gas film diffusion control, ash layer diffusion control, chemistry diffusion control, reaction temperature, CaO particle size and addition of the effects of fluorine-fixing reaction characteristics were studied. CaO conversion increase with the reaction temperature and reaction time increasing. With the decrease of the initial particle size of CaO, CaO concentration rate significantly increased. According to result of experiment and model fitting, unreacted shrinking core model can be used to describe the reaction of CaO-SO2 sulfur retention macro-kinetics. Chemistry diffusion control was the most factor influence sulfur retention, so the best way to improve CaO conversion was to decrease the initial particle size of CaO.",1
"The pulverized coal’s effects on the modifying and concentrated dewatering of sludge was explored by the method of gravity concentrated dewatering. The results showed that the dehydration property and the sedimentation property of the sludge have been improved greatly through adding pulverized coal into the sludge. When 10 g of pulverized coal was added to 100 g of sludge, the moisture content of concentrated sludge was reduced to 76.35% from 91.13% after modified treatment. The average sedimentation rate of sludge was increased to 1.73 mL/min from 1.30 mL/min. There are differences in the modifying and concentrated dewatering of sludge through adding different particle sizes of pulverized coal, the optimum particle size of the pulverized coal for sludge modifying is 0.076 mm-0.25 mm. With the increase of the pulverized coal’s dosage, the concentrated dewatering performance and the mechanical dewatering performance of sludge are more improved. The moisture content of concentrated sludge is less than 80% through adding pulverized coal into the sludge, which provide conditions for using the concentrated sludge mixed with coal to prepare the sludge-coal water slurry. The results have important theoretical and practical significance for the resource utilization of the sludge.",1
"This paper gives a comprehensive presentation and comparation of the current technologies of coal low-temperature pyrolysis available at home and abroad. They are categorized into gas heat carrier technology, solid heat carrier technology and gas-solid heat carrier technology according to the different types of heat carriers. This paper analyzes the technological processes, advantages and disadvantages and industrialization degrees of the current technologies. On that basis, we put forward the technology of coal pyrolysis with gas-solid heat carrier in fluidized bed of Tsinghua University, which is given a detailed introduction of the technological process and technical feature in this paper. The technology is capable of producing high added-value light liquid products and co-producing clean gas and solid products. It has a good development prospect in future.",1
"The interaction of oxygen-containing functional groups and moisture in lignite is very complicated. This experiment utilizes different solutions including sodium hydroxide, hydrochloric acid and hydrogen peroxide to modify the lignite. The congelation characteristics of water in modified samples were studied by DSC instrument. The change of chemical structure in modified samples was characterized by FTIR. The results of DSC showed that the bound water and free water in lignite modified by sodium increased; the congelation of water in lignite modified by hydrochloric acid was basically the same as raw coal. The free water was reduced and the bound water almost disappeared after modified by hydrogen peroxide. The results of FTIR show that the increase of functional group —OH is the main reason for the bound water and free water in lignite increased.",1
"Three catalysts, Co/MgO, Fe/MgO and Ni/MgO, were prepared by incipient impregnation method. Catalytic pyrolysis of Shihezi bituminous coal was carried out in a fixed-bed reactor under pyrolysis gas atmosphere. The effect of pyrolysis gas on the catalytic pyrolysis behaviors was studied by comparative analysis of the tar yield, char yield, the proportion of light oil and asphaltene and the group composition with N2 atmosphere pyrolysis. The result indicates that the three catalysts have catalytication to pyrolysis of Shihezi bituminous coal, especially the catalysts of Ni/MgO can improve the tar yield obviously. The tar yield reached to 7.33% under conditions of gas flow rate of 400 mL/min, 550 ℃ and catalysts of Ni/MgO. Compared with N2 pyrolysis and pyrolysis gas pyrolysis under comparable conditions, the tar yield increased by 78% and 42% respectively. And the catalysts of Co/MgO can improve the light oil yield obviously. The results suggest that the influence of pyrolysis gas on the catalytic pyrolysis behaviors was significantly which benefit to inhibit the polycondensation reaction, increase the tar yield and improve its quality.",0
"Magnetic of Yiluo coal-pyrite was enhancement by microwave heating. The influence and mechanism of microwave heating time and particle size on the magnetic of coal-pyrite were investigated. The results show that the microwave heating time and particle size are important factors to influence the magnetic enhancement of coal-pyrite. Magnetic susceptibility of coal-pyrite increases gradually and then decreases rapidly with increasing microwave heating time, and reaches a maximum value of 533.18×10-8 m3/kg when the microwave heating time is 240 s. Magnetic susceptibility increases gradually with decreasing particle size of coal pyrite. The change of magnetic of coal-pyrite is relative to its thermal decomposition. In the process of microwave heating, coal-pyrite mainly through the following process: pyrite, pyrite (dehydration and crystal transformation of pyrite), pyrrhotite and troilite.",1
"The transformation behavior and distribution characteristics of arsenic in the process of coal cleaning in Jiaozuo was studied. The conclusions are as follows: the concentration of arsenic in Jiaozuo coal is relative higher; in all coal cleaning products, the concentration of arsenic in cleaned coal is reduced in different degree, the average removal rate was 54.97%, the highest removaility is as high as 73.19%, and the concentration of arsenic in the byproduct such as coal gangue and coal slime is relatively rich, its enrichment rate averages is respectively 196.29%, 64.67%; the lowest concentration of arsenic of coal in washing water in the two preparation plants is 0.76×10-6, which is still more than emissions standards stipulated by the state. Consequently, the use of coal and emission of coal washing water need more attention.",1
"In order to compare the effect on chemical structure and reactivity for different drying medium, chemical structure parameters during fluidized bed drying in air and superheat steam studied using FTIR technique. The pyrolysis characteristic and kinetic parameters were compared for different dried lignite samples by thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) experiment. It showed that in the process of lignite drying in air and superheat steam, the carboxyl and carbonyl oxygen-containing functional groups decreased with the temperature increase. As the temperature is over 135 ℃, the oxidation will be happened on the coal surface in air drying, while it is still not happened in superheat steam drying up to 160 ℃. Comparison with the raw coal, the activation energy of dried coal increase while reactivity decrease. The reactivity of superheat steam dried coal is larger than that of air dried coal at the same temperature.",1
"The drying processes of two types of lignite in Mengdong area with different coal rank were discussed in this paper, and  lignite samples which were dried to different degree were analyzed as well. It was found that lignite samples with different coal rank had relatively identical drying rate variation trend, while the coal rank had certain impact on drying rate. The Wulagai lignite, which has lower coal rank，could be dried at relatively higher drying rate and reach the maximum drying rate earlier compared with Baorixile lignite. Moreover, drying process changed the micromechanism of lignite, and the specific surface area of lignite which had lower moisture content after drying was bigger than raw coal’s. Along with the decrease of moisture content during drying process, the amount of oxygen functional groups in lignite declined firstly, and grew up then. Compared with Baorixile lignite, the amount of oxygen functional groups in Wulagai lignite increased earlier in drying process, which made it more easy to be oxidized.",1
"Aiming at the high temperature phase change materials is less and the current situation of inorganic constituent in coal gangue processing difficulties, through changing the reaction temperature, acid concentration, alkali and the ratio of raw materials, and using HCl, H2SO4 and NaOH as the main reactant, series of soluble and insoluble samples have been prepared in this paper. Elemental composition of the sample has been qualitatively and quantitatively analyzed, to determine the composition. And to determine phase-transition temperature and crystal case of the samples, DTA-TGA and XRD analysis for samples have been carried out. By processing and analyzing data, it was found that the materials prepared by alkali fusion using sodium hydroxide would absorb more heats within the scope of 50 ℃-150 ℃, and crystal form good, would be use as phase change materials filled heat exchanger.",1
"Catalytic gasification reactivity of lower ash melting point anthracite coal char with alkali carbonates as catalyst were investigated. The results showed that the catalytic reaction activity was affected mainly by temperatures, catalyst types and catalyst loadings. The order of catalytic activity was shown as follows: K2CO3>Na2CO3>Li2CO3. The reactivity increased with the increase of catalyst loadings. Analysis and experiment showed that the partly catalyst could reacted with minerals during the reaction and formed insoluble salts. The specific surface area decreased with the increase of catalyst loadings but their corresponding catalytic increased, which indicated that the catalytic was affected mainly by the active sites of catalysts.",1
"The results showed that imported Mozambique coal is a kind of coking coal with medium degree of coalification, which has medium ash and volatile, low sulfur and strong caking by studying the grindability, industrial analysis, ash composition, coal maceral, the caking and coking properties. Higher cold and hot strength coke will be got when it is used alone to coke. Compared with the properties indexes of high-quality coal that was made in domestic, Mozambique coking coal has the advantages of moderate sulfur, strong adhesion and caking property and so on. Therefore the Mozambique coking coal can replace domestic coking coal for blending coking. Through the experiment that Mozambique replaces domestic coking coal was made under different blending ratio in 70 kg test oven, the results indicated that Mozambique coking coal can be applied as coal blending resources in the company. In addition, the optimal ratio was determined under the premise condition of meeting the quality of coke. It also reduced the coke production cost by this method.",1
"This paper is aimed to discuss the influence of quality of coal with microwave dry technique, by selecting and analysing different characteristic indexes of coking coal. The results show that the microwave dry technique has no obvious effect on proximate analysis and caking index while removing the humidity of coking coal, no obvious positive effect on the Gieseler fluidity and Audiberts Arnu dilatation and large effect on behavior of colloid. The microwave drying technique has little effect on the quality of coking coal and is also advantageous to improve the quality of coking coal.",1
"The coal pitch water slurry was separately prepared using deionized water, tap water and coking waste water with surfactants and coal pitch powder, which prepared with medium temperature pitch by cryogenic grinding. Dependence of rheology of slurry on surfactants was discussed, then the absorption of surfactants and Zeta potential on coal pitch surface was investigated. The results showed that coal pitch water slurry with concentration of 70% could be all prepared by the three kinds of water, and apparent viscosity of slurry declined when shearing rate increased. Lower heating value, volatile and ash content of coal pitch water slurry that prepared by deionized water, tap-water and coking waste water could all meet Level 1, while sulfur content meet Level 2. Absorption of surfactants and Zeta potential growed at first, then fell slightly with increase of dispersants concentration.",1
"The experiment of combustion characteristics of Xiaolongtan lignite was carried out by a simultaneous thermal analyzer. It was at the different heating rate (5 K/min, 10 K/min, 20 K/min) which under the mixed O2/CO2 atmospheres that make the experiment feasible. The combustion parameters and kinetic parameters of the Xiaolongtan lignite were determined based on experimental results. The results showed that the TG and DTG curves of coal would move to lower temperature area, the ignition and combustion temperature would be higher, the burning time would be longer. Both the flammability index and composite combustion characteristic parameters would increase while the heating rate increasing. In addition, the activity energy changed with the variation of heating rate, there was an upward trend of the frequency factor of the Xiaolongtan lignite.",1
"Five kinds of coal slime briquette were used for burning test to study the combustion characteristics and influencing factors. The experiments show that forming process and binder almost have no influence on the combustion characteristics of coal slime, the early stage of coal slime combustion was mainly the devolatilization and combustion of volatile, having vigorous flame and strong fire. The middle and late was the combustion of coke, from surface to interior, the oxygen would diffuse into the surface of coke by the resistance of gray shell, volatile and combustion products from the interal. The briquette volatile is higher and the ash content is lower, the burning rate is greater, and easy to burn out.",1
"Indonesia lignite has the characteristics of high spontaneous combustion tendency and short spontaneous combustion period. Two Indonesia lignite were evaluated with spontaneous combustion tendency. In the whole stacking period, experimental piles of Indonesia lignite with high calorific value and low calorific value were studied in the aspects of piles temperature change objective laws in the different height and depth direction of the piles. The experiment results show the pile of Indonesia lignite with high calorific value is more broader in scope than the pile of Indonesia lignite with low calorific value in the same stacking time of sensitive spontaneous combustion temperature. Also, the function relationship of surface and internal temperature of lignite piles was established. Heat loss of Indonesia lignite was evaluated in the whole stacking period. In order to stack Indonesia lignite in safety and reduce heat loss, scientific guidance was provided in the aspects of arranging and revolving of Indonesia lignite in the coal-fired power plant.",1
"The aim of this work was to use low-cost coal chars prepared from Inner Mongolia lignite (IML) without further activation as a catalyst for hydrogen production by methane decomposition in the microwave-assisted heating apparatus. The condition of methane decomposition was investigated and the surface properties changes of the chars including surface area, pore volume and oxygen containning functional groups were analyzed. The results indicated that IML char prepared from 650 ℃ to 850 ℃ had a high activity in methane decomposition, at reaction temperature of 850 ℃ and space velocity of 600 mL/(h·g), the initial rate of methane decomposition over IML char prepared of 850 ℃ up to 61.75%. And the methane conversion increased with the increase of the preparation temperature of char and catalytic reaction temperature, and the decrease of VHSV. The catalyst deactivation was mainly caused by the changes of surface properties and the reduction of functional oxygen groups.",1
"A series of iron catalysts were prepared by the precipitation-oxidation method at different pH using ammonia as the precipitating agent and FeSO4·7H2O as the precursor. The catalysts were characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD), N2 adsorption, scanning electron microscopy and transmission electron microscopy. Water content of the catalyst were obtained by roasting the catalysts at 800 ℃ for 3 h. The results showed that there were big differences in the main crystal phase and microstructure of the catalysts prepared at different pH, the catalyst prepared at pH of 7.0 which showed the main crystal phase of γ-FeOOH and lath-like morphology, had the highest specific surface area, lowest average pore diameter, and the highest water content.",1
"Based on thermogravimetry-mass spectrometry (TG/MS) coupled system, the pyrolysis reaction of humic acid extracted from the weathered coal was studied. The pyrolysis curves of pyrotomalenic acid and hymatomelanic acid were analyzed, and the escaping rules of small molecules gas were discussed. The results showed that pyrotomalenic acid and hymatomelanic acid had the same weight loss trend, but the weight loss rate of pyrotomalenic acid was less than that of hymatomelanic acid; in the escaping curves of small molecular gas, the amount of H2 and CH4 escaping from pyrotomalenic acid and hymatomelanic acid were similar. The amount of H2O escaping from hymatomelanic acid was greater than that of pyrotomalenic acid. The spilling quantity of H2O is higher than that of CH4, CO and CO2 in the pyrolysis process , and the peak temperature of CO escaping from pyrotomalenic acid appears later than that of hymatomelanic acid; the sulphur components and functional groups of hymatomelanic acid were slightly more than that of pyrotomalenic acid; the quantity of light hydrocarbon escaping from hymatomelanic acid was significantly higher than that of pyrotomalenic acid; while both of them had basically the same escaping amount of light aromatic hydrocarbons. Apparent kinetics parameter was obtained by Coast-Redfern integration method.",1
"The proximate analysis, chemical composition, mineral composition, particle size distribution, pore structure and microstructure of fly ash from the pulverized coal fired industrial boiler of Shendong mine were studied and analyzed. The results show that the chemical composition of the sample is mainly SiO2 and Al2O3, followed by CaO and Fe2O3. The carbon content of the sample is 0.69%, while the amount of the ignition loss gotten under 1 000 ℃ is 4.35%. Most particle size of the fly ash is under 50 μm, while the particle size in highest content is about 10 μm, which is of 4.8% in mass of the total particles. The microstructure of the fly ash is mainly consists of the mesoporous slit-shaped pore with secondery holes. The most probable aperture is 3.8 nm and the specific surface area by BET is 36.5 m2/g. From the microcosmic angle, fly ash is mainly consists of hollow or solid spherical particles as well as some irregular shaped particles.",1
"The utilization ways of coal gangue in Lu’an mining area were investigated via proximate analysis, chemical composition analysis and mineralogical analysis for the selected 16 coal gangue samples. Based on above research, the alumina extraction experiments were performed by hydrochloric leaching method. The results showed that more than 62.4% alumina in coal gangue could be dissolved. The consumption of 1 000 kg coal gangue would produce 131.6 kg alumina and 500 kg acid leached residue. The acid leached residue containing about 83.9% SiO2 could be further used to prepare silicon products. The study provided a new way to the comprehensive utilization of coal gangue in Lu’an mining area.",1
"The coal gangue concrete hollow blocks were prepared with the self-ignition gangue and fly ash in Fuxin mine. Based on the theory of uniform design, the apparent density, water absorption, relative water content, soften coefficient, carbonized coefficient, frost resistance strength loss and frost resistance quality loss of the coal gangue concrete hollow block in different mixing proportion were studied, and the compressive strength equation was obtained by regression analysis. The compressive strength of coal gangue concrete hollow block was predicted by BP neural network, it showed that the predicted results were in good agreement with the test results. The test and calculation results indicated that using the coal gangue concrete block which strength reached the standard of building materials could reduce the engineering cost, control environmental pollution, in advanced technology, and worthy recommending.",1
,1
"Coal/PAN complex was synthesized by using an aniline extracted product of coal as a template to simulate the structure of ash-free coal with through pores. The effects of pore structure and functional groups on the conductivity of the complex were investigated. The results showed that the maximum conductivity of the coal/PAN complex was 6.46×10-4 S/cm. The main reason for the low conductivity is that there are less —OH, —COOH, and =CO= functional groups, low charge density and less active site in the surface of the extract, which resulted in a relatively weak “hydration” surface. Therefore the doping process cannot be performed thoroughly for the nonuniform distribution of the extracts. The synergistic effect of pore structure and functional groups can enhance the conductivity of coal/PAN complex.",1
"It is necessary to do some research on the substitute of standard anthracite because of the higher price of anthracite, which is supplement to investigate coking index of coal. The testing results of six kind of coals which are mixed with standard anthracite by the regulated ratio in standard(GB/T5447-1997) show that the coal is different, the coking index is different obviously. The further tests, in which the coal are mixed with quartz sand, demonstrate that the supplement and its mixing ratio have an significant influence on the coking index of coal. The results of orthogonal testing illustrated that supplement has more significant effect on the coking index of coal; the mixing ratio of supplement is second, they are highly significant factors of coking index; the type of coal is relatively more obvious than supplement and its mixing ratio, it is relatively significant factor. Some conclusions are drawn by the results of orthogonal testing that the choice of supplement and its mixing ratio with reason, the establishment of relationship between the coking index of coal mixed with non-standard anthracite and that of coal mixed with standard anthracite.",1
"Coal-ash is the remains of coal after burning completely. The research was mainly emphasised on the mineral components, character of external appearance and melting point of coal-ash from Shenhua-ningmei group by means of XRD, SEM and TG-DSC. The result showed that the coal-ash of YLM is composed of calcite, gypsum, quqrtz, haematite and rutile while ash of XJM is mainly composed of calcite, gypsum and quqrtz. The ash-melting point of XJM is about 45 ℃ higher than that of YLM, which is largely because of haematite and rutile in the ash of YLM.",1
"Gasification process is influenced by thermal behavior at high temperature. TG-DSC, XRD and SEM were employed to observe phase changes and reaction of mineral under oxidation atmosphere. There is different mineral changing in heating process which affects the ash fusibility. The system of mineral matters is mainly dominated by the change of aluminosilicate. The morphology and distribution of mineral are changed at elevated temperature.",1
"In this study, the supported ZnO/γ-Al2O3 sorbents were prepared by the impregnation method. Gas desulfurization tests were made by using these adsorbents. The influence of loading，calcination and sulfur temperature and so on  was studied. The prepared adsorbents were characterised by using XRD, BET. The results showed that ZnO/γ-Al2O3 may have monolayer dispersed ZnO and ZnO crystallites. There is a threshold monolayer dispersion capacity. If the ZnO loading is lower than the threshold, the ZnO will disperse on the surface ofγ-Al2O3 as a monolayer, then the sample will give an XRD pattern with no crystalline ZnO peaks. When the ZnO loading is higher than the threshold, in addition to the monolayer dispersed ZnO, crystalline ZnO will appear, then the sample will give an XRD pattern with crystalline ZnO peaks. And this was also proved by experiment. When the ZnO loading is lower than the threshold ,the breakthrough sulfur capacity is rise with the increase of loading and the high dynamic sulfur capacity 9.7 g S/100 g ZnO was obtained by these adsorbents. By contraries, the stability and capacity decreaced clearly.",1
"There are main reactions in the process of tannin extract desulfurization production, however,side reactions which generate many salts(such as Na2S2O3, Na2SO4, NaSCN, NaHCO3,and so on)are inevitable.These by-products will influence the qualities of desulfurization solution of tannin extract and the stabilization of desulfurization technology. We made studies for the sake of effect.The effect of Na2S2O3, Na2SO4, NaSCN, NaHCO3, in desulfurization solution of tannin extract on desulfurization solution was investigated from four aspects of surface tension, viscosity and density. The result showed that the accumulation of by-products in tannin extract desulfurization solution make desulfurization solution surface tension descend,viscosity and density increase. And change the operation condition of tannic extract desulfurization technology, finally influence the efficiency of desulfurization.",1
"High-abundance content-rich phenolic compounds are formed in the direct coal liquefaction oil. It is crucial to investigate the factors that determine the contents and compositions of phenolic compounds, in order to understand  better the mechanism how phenolic compounds are produced. In this paper, we study the effects of three process conditions, including reaction temperature,catalyst and addition of high boiling point oil, on the content distribution of phenolic compounds in a boiling 41 ℃-220 ℃ coal liquefaction oil. We have found out that both the addition of catalyst and the increase of reaction temperature lead to the enhanced yield of crude phenol while addition of high boiling oil has insignificant effect. In addition, both the increase of reaction temperature and addition of high boiling oil help convert high-level phenolic intermediates to lower-molecular-weight, simpler-structure, lowlevel phenols by means of cleavage, hydrodealkylation, and dehydroxylation. In contrast, the addition of catalyst greatly inhibits the transformation from higer phenols to low-grade phenolic.",0
"Shenhua coal-derived oil samples are obtained from the continuous direct coal liquefaction test. 8 narrow fractions are gained by the true boiling point distillation from the samples, of which boiling point is lower than 300 ℃. The pseudo-critical temperatures (PCT) calculated by group contribution method (GCM) of the narrow fractions ascend with distillation temperature rising with a linear relation:Tc=435.4+1.298t. The PCT calculated by six different equations accurately is consistent with the measured values by GCM, which the relative errors are within 5%. Furthermore, the lesser errors can be got by using the Watanasiri equation and NEDO formula within 2%.",1
"The influence of mild oxidation on the technology properties and the changes of the structure of the coals were studied under the simulative nature oxidation at laboratory, and the oxidize time was used for the oxidation degree. The results showed that the Vdaf of the coals had almost not changed, but the caking and coking capacity had become worsening more or less with the increase of oxidation degree. And the higher the rank of the coal, the less influence on these technology properties, and the reason of these changes were explained with FTIR.",1
"In this paper 5 bituminous coals with different coal ranks were carbonized in the 5 kg experiment coke oven. The relationshipship between the coking property of single coals and the crystallite structure of the cokes were discussed. The results showed that the quality of the cokes which had been prepared from the coking coal and the 1/3 coking coal were fairly good. It was shown from X-ray diffraction (XRD) results that the carbon structural factor (La/Lc) of the coke prepared from fat coal was smallest, but the graphitization degree was highest. The true relative density (TRD) of the coke was decreased with the increase of La/Lc.",1
"The nanoparticles of coal was simulated by hexagonal graphite clusters, the regularity of effect of particle size on the combustion and pyrolysis kinetic parameters were researched by quantum chemistry method AM1.The results show that the particle size of coal particle has obvious effects on the kinetic parameters of combustion and pyrolysis; the apparent activation energy decreases and rate constant increases with the particle size of coal particle decreasing; and the apparent activation energy and the logarithm of rate constant have linear relation with the reciprocal of particle size. These regularines are consistent with experimental results of concerned documents.",1
Flow and combustion characteristics of coaxial crossed swirling fluidic process were studied by experimentation in the article. The study shows that the finestra current coefficient of fluidic equipment of central tube spout was 0.605; the resistance coefficient of circumrotation vane was 0.09; the ejective gas from the spout formed a negative pressure area at the center of spout; the axial velocity decayed faster; the excess air coefficient required for combustion was small; the combustion which flame was transparent and vigorous was full. The effective and clean combustion of low calorific gas-fired can be realized with the coaxial crossed swirling fluidic combustor in the tube furnace of coal chemical plant.,1
"The low efficiency coal-burning chain link stove converted to burn low heat value coal-bed methane is an energy saving and emission reducing measure. To analyze the in-boiler flow and combustion conditions, experimental research and three-dimensional numerical simulation were conducted. The distribution of in-boiler flow field, temperature field, and CH4 component were obtained. The predictions show that the in-boiler flow and combustion conditions are optimal. Compared to coal-fired, the boiler efficiency ratio is enhanced by 25.5%. The recirculation region is formed at the top of chamber. At the rated load, the CH4 concentration drops slowly, and the entire chamber’s flame fullness is ideal.",1
"The co-firing characteristics of Fujian anthracite and corn cob blends was studied with thermogravimetric technique. The results show that the characteristics of ignition, burning and burn-out of Fujian anthracite were improved added with corn cob. However, with proportion of corn cob increased, the improvement of the latter combustion characteristics of anthracite is little. Besides, the activation energy E was calculated by using Coats-Redfern method. It shows that E is decreased added with corn cob. However, the value of E hasn’t the obvious matter with the proportion of corn cob. The effect of corn cob on anthracite firing is mainly improving the ignition characteristics.",1
"The TG-DTG thermal analysis technology was applied to analyze the combustion process of the coal, biomass and their mixture, and the influence of coal kinds, biomass kinds, biomass addition ratio, heating rate, oxygen flowing rate to the combustion characteristic of mixture was also studied. The results show that the biomass’s ignition, burnout and combustion characteristics are better than the coal’s. Biomass can improve the combustion characteristics of coal. With the increase of the biomass addition, the combustion characteristics improve more obviously. With the increase of heating rate, the ignition characteristic parameters and combustion characteristic parameters are increased, while burnout characteristic is reduced. With the increase of oxygen flowing rate, the combustion performances of flue can be improved.",1
"Thermal analysis and combustion characteristics of mixture of oil shale semi-coke and coal investigated on TG analyzer, with regard to comparing the process of the mixture with those of the individual components. Meanwhile, the effect of rank of coalification and the rate of coal, which was mixed into the oil shale semi-coke, was studied. Results show that: the combustion characteristics can be improved by mixing coal with good combustion performance; the mixture of oil shale semi-coke and Erji jet coal had better combustion performance than other mixtures; the index of combustion performance of the mixture increased with the augment of the proportions of EJ coal.",1
"The flash pyrolysis tests of Dachengzi 4# oil shale are carried out in a spouted-entrained bed reactor. The resident time of carry gas in the reactor was kept constant at different temperatures by changing the carry gas flow rate. The effect of temperature on the fields of gas, liquid and solid products was discussed. The optimum temperature for flash pyrolysis of Dachengzi 4# oil shale is 530 ℃, if the liquid product is the main objective.",0
"Coal-based activated carbons were prepared from Jiaozuo anthracite by NaOH as activating agent. The influence of the ratio of KOH to anthracite, activation temperature and activation time on adsorption properties and yield were investigated. The specific surface area, total pore volume and pore size distribution of activated carbons were characterized by low temperature nitrogen adsorption. The results showed that coal-based activated carbon could be prepared when the ratio of NaOH to anthracite was 4, activation temperature was 750 ℃ and activation time was 1 h, which specific surface area was 2 483 m2/g, total pore volume was 1.41 cm3/g, iodine adsorption value was 2 530 mg/g and methylene blue adsorption value was 418 mg/g.",1
"Carbon nanotubes can be synthesized via detonation-assisted chemical vapor deposition using olefin, which is one of the products of indirect coal liquefaction from coal, as carbon source. After investigating influences of metal catalysts and explosive packing densities on structures and morphologies of the detonation products, it was found when the explosive packing density is 0.2 g/mL the nanotube’s content of product using cobalt as catalyst is 70%. On this base, the synthesis of carbon nanotube using the other two heavy mass carbon sources is studied. The results show the conditions of synthesis via detonation-assisted chemical vapor deposition of carbon nanotubes need be further optimizing.",1
"A clew-like carbon materials consisting of self-assembly carbon nanotubes were synthesized from coal pitch by chemical vapor deposition using ferrocene as catalyst precursors in hydrogen and argon atmosphere. The morphology and structure of the products were characterized by field emission scanning electron microscopy, high resolution transmission electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction and Raman spectroscopy. The results show that the clew-like carbon materials, which were composed of curly carbon nanotubes with high purity and diameter in the range of 20 nm-45 nm, were achieved. The ferromagnetic and microwave adsorbing properties of the products were measured. Results reveal that the products had an obvious ferromagnetic behavior with the large coercivity value (446.13 Oe) and certain microwave adsorbing property in the frequency range of 2 GHz to 18 GHz.",1
"Two kinds of mesophase pitches (MPP) were prepared by heat-treatment two coal tar pitches (CTP) and modified coal tar pitch (MCTP) in the presence of nitrogen. The pyrolysis behaviors of CTP and MCTP were studied by means of thermal analysis (TG and DSC). The morphologies of MPP were inspected by optical microscope. The structures of the MPP were characterized by XRD. The results show that there are more alkyl functional groups existing in CTP and MCTP than in MPP, which indicate MPP formation predominantly polycondense aromatic and release the alkyl functional groups. An endothermic band due to volatilize light compounds around 290 ℃, two exothermic peaks at the range of 400 ℃-500 ℃ were characteristic of polymerization reactions, exothermic peaks of MCTP is higher than that of CTP because the former have a higher reaction active for its more alkyl side chain. MPP from CTP is mosaics texture, while from the MCTP is flow domains texture, (002) and (101) peaks of graphite occur on XRD patterns, the peaks of MPP from MCTP is higher and narrower than MPP from CTP, which indicates the former is more graphitizability than the latter.",0
"Acenaphthene is an important chemically raw material which exists mainly in gas absorber oil distillation cut of coal tar. A new process of separating and pefining acenaphthene from gas absorber oil was investigated by rectification-recrystallization in the paper. The results show that it is very difficult to obtain acenaphthene with high purity from gas absorber oil only by rectification time after time, and yet acenaphthene with high purity can be obtained easily by means of the process of combining rectification with recrystallization, and that the process has many characteristics such as lower energy consumption, higher purity and yield, short process flow, mother liquor use for times, no pollution, lower cost and so on.",0
"The methods of preparation of high-performance CNTs/epoxy nanocomposites are reviewed in detail from the points such as the interfacial interaction of CNTs with epoxy matrix, the dispersion of CNTs in epoxy matrix, the functionalization of CNTs and the alignment of CNTs in epoxy matrix. And the studies on the curing reaction mechanism and the curing kinetics of the CNTs/epoxy nanocomposites are introduced. The as-obtained research results are also thoroughly analyzed in this paper. The facing research difficulty and challenge of CNTs/epoxy composites are discussed as well.",1
"Through the thermal simulation experiments of hydrocarbon generation in the semi-closed system on Shenfu coal and the coal with different mediums from 250 ℃ to 550 ℃, with a stepwise heating stage of 50 ℃, the characteristics of gas, liquid and solid products are discussed systematically in this paper. The results show that the peak yield of oil appears between the heating temperature 400 ℃ and 450 ℃, the maximum oil-generating ratio is 41.2 mg/g. The maximum gas-generating ratio is 99.4 mL/g at 500 ℃. Methane is predominant component of the hydrocarbon gas, reaches to 33.6%-61.2% of the total gas yield. Hydrogen is the main part of the non-hydrocarbon gas, achieves to 18.5%-58.1% of the total gas yield. Non-hydrocarbon gas is generated in the early stage, partial carbon dioxide and smidgen carbon monoxide in them. The content of C in the solid products increases and the content of H,O decreases.",0
"To investigate the exiting state and solubilization characteristics of small molecule compounds in the entire coal rank, eight coals ranged from young lignite to anthracite were extracted with n-hexane and sampled in batches. The change law of extraction rate in a certain period was discussed, and the extracts were analyzed with GC. The results show that the three existing forms of small molecules: free state, micropore-inbuilt state and network-inbuilt state, consist in every coal and show universal rules for the entire coal rank. The relationship between the cumulative extraction rate and cumulative extraction time of coals in different rank are subject to logarithmic function. The curve of fractionated extraction rate or the total extraction rate to carbon content represent the “chair” shape. TheⅡ-type molecules in the n-hexane-soluble small molecule compounds are most likely to dissolve, followed by Ⅰ-type molecular, and then Ⅲ-type, especially theⅠ-type molecular just appear in the bituminous coal. The metamorphic reaction process basically submit to three stages, which is the aromatization process, splitting hydrogenation and stability reaction process, and the condensation reaction process.",1
"The thermal stability of naphthyl benzyl sulfide in coal was studied using density functional theory method. According to the structure microscopic parameters and thermodynamic functional change, it can be concluded that the bond between C in the methylene of phenmethyl and S cleaves firstly and forms a more stable structure, phenmethyl radical, which has p-π conjugation system, then the bond between C at naphthyl and S cleaves, thirdly H atom of methylene is abstracted, subsequently phenyl is leaved from the original structure, finally H atoms of six-member ring are abstracted. The thermal decomposition of naphthyl benzyl sulfide is an endothermic reaction, and increasing temperature is in favor of the reaction.",1
"High-abundance content-rich phenolic compounds are existed in the CLMO. The content of phenolic compounds is about 20%-25%. It is formed from phenol, (alkyl)phenol, (alkyl)naphthol, (alkyl)indanols and phenylphenol. It is crucial to investigate the factors that determine the contents and compositions of phenolic compounds, in order to understand the mechanism how phenolic compounds are produced better. In this paper, the effects of three process conditions is investigated, including reaction temperature, Mo catalyst and addition of BHTPSD, on the content distribution of phenolic compounds in CLMO. we have found out that both the addition of catalyst and the increase of reaction temperature lead to the enhanced yield of crude phenol while addition of BHTPSD has insignificant effect. In addition, addition of BHTPSD help convert high-level phenolic intermediates to lower-molecular-weight, simpler-structure, low-level phenols by means of cleavage, hydrodealkylation, and dehydroxylation. In contrast, the addition of Mo catalyst greatly inhibits the transformation from high-grade phenols to low-grade phenols.",0
"In this paper, lignite of Mongolia, oil-coal slurry under the conditions of high temperature and pressure, different concentrations and different heating rates under the conditions of the viscosity variation, given 0.1 t/d brown coal direct liquefaction pilot data provide an initial basis. The use of autoclave developed by China Coal Research Institute, autoclave torque by recording the changes in converted oil-coal slurry viscosity by linear regression method, obtained oil-coal slurry system under the conditions of high temperature and pressure viscosity-temperature relationship equation. Through the viscosity-temperature relationship equation can be calculated the oil-coal slurry viscosity at different temperatures. From the test results, at different heating rates and different concentrations of the oil-coal slurry viscosity decreases with temperature decreasing trend in the concentration of important factors affecting the viscosity.",0
"As a subject of Wucaiwan coal from Xinjiang, its quality characteristics and TG were analyzed, then it was investigated to affect of these four factors such as ratio of mass for solvent to coal, reaction time, initial H2 pressure, and reaction temperature on the coal hydro-liquefaction property. Results show that the optimal reaction temperature is 450 ℃, and oil yield is up to 55.20%, conversion 76.76% at conditions of initial H2 pressure being 6.0 MPa, ratio of mass for solvent to coal 1.75, reaction time 60 min although the coal sample is soft coal with high inertinite of 81.5%, R0max=0.73%, Vdaf＜37%, and H/C=0.59. So Wucaiwan coal has good liquefaction performance.",0
"The distribution and characterization of phenolics in direct coal liquefaction (DCL) oil have been quantified by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS). The oil was from 0.1 t/d BSU liquefaction run feeding with Shengli brown coal. The phenolic concentrate in DCL oil was isolated through caustic extraction, and then was further derivatizied to prepare derivative mixture, which was the main sample for GC/MS analysis because of its higher separability compared to the concentrate. Totally, 134 phenolics, which belong to four types of ring structures: phenols, indanols, naphthalenols and naphthols are identified, and most of them are alkyl substituted. Phenols, including the most amount of compounds, has the highest weight content in the concentrate, followed by indanols and naphthalenols. Naphthols, with the fewest amount compounds, has the lowest weight content.",0
"Co-liquefaction reactivity (CLR) of Yanzhou coal and lignin was investigated in the batch autoclave with the addition of tetralin as the hydrogen donor solvent and Fe2O3+S as the catalyst by using single-factor method. The impact of the ratio of coal to lignin, temperature, reaction time and initial hydrogen pressure on CLR were studied. The results showed that the addition of the appropriate amount of lignin to Yanzhou coal can enhance CLR of Yanzhou coal. According to comprehensive consideration experimental conditions and the economic cost, the optimum conditions is the ratio of Yanzhou coal∶lignin=9∶1, temperature of 440 ℃, cool hydrogen pressure of 8 MPa and reaction time of 60 min. The conversion and oil yield reached 86.8% and 62.9% at this condition.",0
"A common ionic liquid of 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate ([BMIm]BF4) has been used as swelling solvent to swell Shenhua coal for pretreatment of the coal liquefaction. The swelling ratio and coal liquefaction have been experientially measured, by which the investigation of the application of the [BMIm]BF4 on swelling pretreatment of coal was carried out. The results show that the swelling ratio of the [BMIm]BF4 swelled coal is remarkably more than that of the coal without pretreatment in the solvent of methanol. The swelling pretreatment makes the weak covalency bonds of coal broken, so as to make the conversion ratio and the ratio of oil and gas product improved in the process of the swollen coal liquefaction. The swelling ratio and total conversion rate of Shenhua coal increased with increasing of the swelling time. The effect of operating temperature is complicated because there is a suitable temperature difference. Above that temperature, the swelling ratio and total conversion rate decrease with increasing of temperature. And the [BMIm]BF4 can recycled.",1
"Research on the H2S and SO2 releasing characteristics by BP neural network is carried out, the data is validated by one-dimensional pulverized coal combustion system. A typical three-layer neural networks with 8 input neurons, 6 connotative layer neurons, and 2 output neurons, the BP neural network arithmetic is improved by adding momentum item. Through trained by training samples and validated by test data, the model indicates that the BP neural network can predict the sulfur releasing characteristics well.",1
"Manganese-based oxide as a high-temperature desulfurization sorbent was prepared with different additive by the mixing method and its performance was studied in a fixed bed reactor. The effect of additive on phase, texture and specific surface area of Mn-based sorbents were investigated by XRD, SEM and BET. The results reveal that H2S could be desulfured to 8×10-6 and sulfur content was 33.1% by the sorbent with the mole ratio of Mn∶Cu which is 9∶1 and the binder is 10% sol, which also had good mechanical intensity and desulfurization performance. The change of additive can effects the micro-structure and reactivity of the sorbents.",1
"Comparing with ADA, the tannin extract desulfurization is more superior and applied widely in industry. In order to reveal the advantages, the surface properties of oxidized tannin extract and ADA aqueous solution are researched using surface tensiometer and conductivity meter. The results shows that the oxidized tannin extract is an ionic surfactant, which can reduce the surface tension of solution and intensify the gas-liquid mass transfer rate of hydrogen sulfide or air with solution. Howere, the ADA solution is not of property. That is the reason for advantage. The critical micelle concentration of oxidized tannin extract solution is 0.53 g/L，and this value can be used as a minimum concentration in tannin extract desulphurization solution.",1
"In the condition of 360 ℃-400 ℃, hydrogen pressure 1 MPa-2.5 MPa, residence time 5 min-40 min, and ratio of xylene to coal tar 0.5-3, reaction kinetics study of high temperature coal tar hydrocracking in supercritical xylene were investigated in batch reactor. The pressure index of cracking reaction was -0.211 1, ratio of xylene to coal tar index was 0.403 3, pre-exponential factor was 2.722 min-1·MPa（0.211 1）, and activity energy was 15.765 kJ/mol; The pressure index of condensation reaction was -0.288 4, ratio of xylene to coal tar index was -0.445 9, pre-exponential factor was 18.952 min-1·MPa（0.288 4）, and activity energy was 30.762 kJ/mol; The pressure index of total reaction was 0.160 9, ratio of xylene to coal tar index was 0.226 5, pre-exponential factor was 204.226 min-1·MPa（-0.160 9）, and activity energy was 39.049 kJ/mol.",0
"The gasified semicoke obtained from the secondary cyclone of the Jincheng industrial gasifier was selected as one of the samples for the study, in addition, three chars were yielded by the investigation of the Jingneng bituminous coal in a drop tube deposition furnace at fast pyrolysis temperature of 1 173 K，1 273 K，1 373 K. Reactivity measurements of the four chars above mentioned were performed by TGA/SDA851e under the condition of constant temperature. The combustion behavior of the coal char and its effects have been studied for temperature ranging from 773 K to 1 023 K. Different methods to prepare chars and different pyrolysis temperatures determine varied combustion reactivity of coal char, and the combustion reactivity of the gasified semicoke JC is the minimum among the four chars, and the combustion reactivity of other three pyrolytic chars decreases with pyrolysis temperature increasing. The reaction rate increases with the combustion temperature and the oxygen concentration increasing. Meanwhile, the transition temperature and the activation energy(Ea) of the coal char was determined by halflife time method, in the kinetic region, Ea of JC，JN-1，JN-2，JN-3 is 115 kJ/mol，57 kJ/mol，70 kJ/mol，97 kJ/mol respectively. It is close to that determined by isoconversional method. The reaction is more difficult and Ea increases with the burnout increasing, and the transition temperature rises further.",1
"A series of catalysts for methanation on silica-supported nickel was prepared by precipitation and the catalysts were analyzed by XRD, TPR and SEM. The results showed that aluminum addition was helpful to form microballoon catalyst and adding aluminum and cerium could accelerate reduction of catalyst. Cerium addition could obviously improve the carbon distribution of catalyst. The reaction activity of complex catalyst was higher than those of monotypic catalyst.",1
"The zinc acetate/activated carbon catalyst which was used in vinyl acetate synthesis from acetylene was prepared by excessive impregnation and the impregnation condition were studied. The results show that the suitable zinc acetate concentration is 0.8 mol/L. The time is 60 min. The temperature is 55 ℃. Water complete drying needs 30 min at 120 ℃, but it needs 70 min at 90 ℃. The BET analysis showed that mesopore of catalyst is blocked and the average pore radius reduce during the dry temperature increase. The BET and average hole radius don’t change clearly when the dry temperature reaches 110 ℃. The SEM analysis shows that vinyl acetate crystal is on the catalyst surface.",1
"Shendong coal was activated by KOH for preparation of high surface area activated carbons as adsorbent to separate CH4 and H2. The effects of different preparation variables, including the KOH/coal ratio, activation temperature and time, on the final porous texture of activated carbon were discussed. The results showed that the surface area and pore volume of prepared activated carbon increase with the increase of KOH/coal. The surface area and pore vo-lume reach maximum with activation time and then decrease. The activation temperature has little effect on surface area and the pore volume increases with activation temperature. The optimum preparation conditions of activated carbon for separation CH4 and H2 are KOH/coal ratio of 5, activation temperature of 800 ℃ and activation time of 90 min.",1
"In a two-stage fixed bed, the cracking characteristics of tar derived from biomass pyrolysis in a high temperature coal char were studied. The results show that higher temperature is favor to the cracking of biomass tar. Both long residence time in char and the cracking temperature can decrease the tar yield with the increase of gas yield and H2 percentage. The prepare condition of char has influence on the gas yield and composition. Low pyrolysis temperature and short residence time can increase reactivity of coal char and are favor to the higher H2 and CO percentage.",0
"In the hydrated process, calcium-based flue gas desulfurization sorbent has the poor dispersion, the small surface area and ease to get group. The hydrated products were modified by adding different amount PEG was studied in this paper. The results showed that when the hydration period of 30 min and the water to lime molar ratio of 1.4∶1, the optimal adding amount of PEG600 was 3%, the particle size of hydrated products was uniform, an average particle size was 9.4 μm, and the surface area was 21.6 m2/g. XRD, SEM and FT-IR showed that lime was hydrated completely, lime slaking rate was high, and the dispersion was improved. In addition, calcium hydroxide was coated with PEG.",1
"In order to compare the advantages and disadvantages of different Xray diffraction quantitative methods, three X-ray quantitative analysis methods were used in the experiment with CeO2-TiO2 two-component sample. High emphasis was paid on the differences of experiment process, convenience of operation and value of relative error. The research showed that internal-standard-matter method wasn’t recommended in practice because of its complicated process and larger value of error. On the contrary, out-of-heat method was the best one in practice when compared in convenience and value of relative error. However, in order to obtain a more accurate K-value, which is indispensable in out-of-heat method, qualitative analysis is its key step.",1
"Based on the 3 million tons-scale project of Fischer-Tropsch Chi-deflated gas data, the processes of Chi-deflated gas to LNG (liquefied natural gas) and LNG-ammonia-generation projects were simulated using the Aspen plus simulation software respectively; meanwhile, the technical and economic index of the two programs were analyzed. The simulation results showed that the emission of greenhouse gases CO2 of the LNG project is less 49,400 t/a than that of the LNG-ammonia-generation projects, the energy efficiency higher 22.2% than that of the latter one, while the profit is less 1.64-1.65 million RMB/a. According to a comprehensive consideration of CO2 emissions, energy efficiency, and profit, we believe that the project of LNG is better than co-generation.",1
"The capability of methane absorbed by coal has a close relation with the molecular structure of coal. In order to study the effect of low molecular weight compounds in coal on behaviors of coal-nitrogen adsorption, Pingdingshan bituminous coal were extracted with five kinds of organic solvents using Soxhlet extraction, the solvents including n-hexane, benzene, chloroform, tetrahydrofuran and pyridine, and the polarity of solvents increased in turn, whereafter, the raw coal and its residuals adsorption behaviors of nitrogen were investigated. The studies show that the extraction yields of the five solvents increased in turn, when the relative pressure pr (relative pressure was the ratio of adsorption equilibrium pressure and the saturated vapor pressure of nitrogen) less than 0.1, the nitrogen adsorption capacity of coal residuals increased in turn, but when relative pressure pr larger than 0.1, compared with tetrahydrofuran residuals, benzene and chloroform residuals have high nitrogen adsorption capacity. The results show that the contents and constituents of low molecular weight compounds have a significant effect on coal adsorption behaviors of nitrogen, both aperture property and surface property were changed. The soluble polar aromatic compounds have the most effect on the behaviors of coal-nitrogen adsorption, the heterocyclic oxygen and nitrogen aromatic compounds have the inferior effect on it, and the saturated hydrocarbon compounds at least.",1
"High resolution mass spectrometer is applied in on-line analysis of organic matter released during pyrolysis of coal with different rank from Huaibei coalfield under vacuum condition. The result shows that during 200 ℃-400 ℃, the component of compounds released by coals with different rank is similar, while the relative content of high molecular weight compounds decreases with increasing of coal rank at 600 ℃. The trend is also found that the ratio of aromatic hydrocarbons between high molecular weight and low molecular ones decreases with increasing of coal rank. As temperature increases, high molecular weight compounds of anthracite and bituminite greatly increase. Oxygen groups in coal start to crack during 200 ℃-400 ℃ and turn into CO2 at 600 ℃.",0
"The pyrolysis characteristics of the coals and sawdust in an inertia atmosphere were investigated using a thermo-gravimetric apparatus with a on-line infrared-spectrum analyzer. The influence of blend ratio and coal rank on the pyrolysis of coal with sawdust blends was examined. The experimental results show that the pyrolysis characteristics of coal with sawdust blends are not similar to that of every single sample addition of single coal with single sawdust. The high rank coal with sawdust is more beneficial to interaction effects than low rank coal. By investigating the infrared spectrogram, there is a difference in the gas yield between different coals with sawdust. It is discovered that the coal rank has important influence on the pyrolysis of the blends. The interaction effects in the co-pyrolysis of coals and sawdust are suggested.",0
"The relationship between particle size of coal and quality of pyrolysis production during microwave heating are studied, and the change of gas composition in different time is analyzed by gas analyzer. The results show that the coal’s temperature can reach to 750 ℃ within 10 min and tar yield is 12% within 22 min, which has increased by 4% compared with conventional heating. The content of hydrogen, carbon monoxide and methane in pyrolysis gas increase significantly. The size of raw coal particle has little effect on the yield of a variety of products. It shows that this technology can be used for rapid coal pyrolysis, and lay the foundation for the comprehensive utilization of coal gas.",0
"The microcrystal structure of carbonated briquette made from Changzhi anthracite powder was studied by use of X-ary diffraction and TG. The results have shown that the microcrystal parameters d(200) is larger, but Lc and La are smaller than that of graphite. There were micro-crystals in the carbonizated briquette made from Changzhi anthracite powder. The arrangement of the micro-crystals in the carbonizated briquette was quite irregular, so that the structure was called “irregular structure”. When a briquette was carbonated, there was no fluid colloidal-matter formed in the inside of the briquette. Through binding material and glue stock, the anthracite powders were bonded together. Because of the affect of anthracite powder and binding material there was the apparent surface between them. The reactivity of the carbonizated briquette was decided by both the microcrystal arrangement and pore structure in the briquette.",1
"Measurements of active carbon catalytic oxidation of H2S were conducted in a laboratory-scale, fixed-bed reactor system. The main objective of this research is to have a clear insight of the effects of operating parameters on desulfurization. The O2 concentration, the reaction temperature and the atmosphere of gas on the behavior of activated carbon catalytic oxidation of H2S removal was examined. Optimum desulfurization temperature was about 180 ℃. Oxygen-sulfur ratio was 1∶2. With the increasing of the content of CO, CO2 and H2, the desulfurization performance of AC decreased. On the countrary, the existence of H2O favored the desulfurization. A surface reaction control kinetics model of removing hydrogen sulfide by activated carbon had been put forward. The desulfurizig kinetics expression and kinetic parameter had been developed.",1
"Based on Aspen Plus, a model for entrained-flow bed coal gasifier partial gasification by the method of Gibbs free energy minimization was established. A series of calculations were carried out to predict the effects of different operation parameters on the performance of syngas. The parameters include air-coal mass ratio, steam-coal ratio and carbon conversion rate in gasifier. The results show that the increasing of air-coal mass ratio can reduce the effective composition in coal gas, which lead to decrease of cold syngas efficiency, while the increasing of steam-coal ratio can enhance H2 volume percentages. It can help NOx reduction with partial gasification reburning. The results also show that the increasing of carbon conversion rate can add the effective composition in coal gas, but the extent of increasing is not obvious. Therefore we can not deliberately pursue carbon conversion rate for partial gasification.",1
"The pulverized coal entrained-flow gasifier is simulated by Aspen Plus industrial systems flower software and the minimization method of Gibbs free energy. Under the given conditions of pulverized coal entrained-flow gasifier, the effects of content of effective gas (CO+H2) are studied under various ratios of air-coal and various pressures. Under the given conditions of 1 500 ℃ and carbon conversion of 99％, when coal flow volume is 3 265.87 kg/h and the ratio of air/coal is 4∶1, the computational results show that the content of effective gas is maximal. At the same time, the content of effective gas increases with the increasing of the pressure.",1
"A new quartz tube reactor with double hole nozzle has been developed. In the reactor the non-premixed combustion and partial oxygenation process occurred as coke oven gas and pure oxygen were input. The experiment research and numerical simulation on the reactor have been carried on in our lab. The results of temperature distribution, flow field, concentration distribution in the reactor and also the H2/CO ratio in product gas have been obtained. Simulation results show that reactions mainly occur in the oxygen entrance region near by the double hole nozzle in the reactor. The wall temperature of the reactor affects the reaction results deeply. The results of simulation for the temperature distribution and flow field agree that of experimental well.",1
"In this article, five coal with high slurring quality, four coal with low slurring quality and two coal with medium slurring quality is taken as sample for blending coal’s slurring experiment. The blend coal is made of high slurring quality and low slurring quality coal in 1∶1 proportion. The slurring results show the low slurring quality coal’s CWS’ concentration is improved by blending with the high slurring quality coal. The higher slurring quality blend coal contains Huainan B coal and Shenhuo coal. The lowest slurring quality blend coal is blended by Huating coal and Dahuizhan coal, whose CWS’ concentration is 61.58%. It is got from the experiment that the Huainan B coal is an excellent coal for coal blending to improve the slurring quality of the low slurring quality coal. Dahuizhan coal has high slurring quality, but it doesn’t suitable for coal blending to improve the slurring quality of the low slurring quality coal.",1
"The middle distillate oil is the main product of coal liquefaction. In this paper, the group composition change of middle distillate oil from coal liquefaction before and after hydrocracking was investigated in an autoclave at different temperature and time using FV-20 as catalyst. The results show that the content of saturates gradually increase with the temperature and time increasing under 400 ℃. It reaches the minimum. under 440 ℃ for 40 min. The n-C12-27 of saturates decreasing with the increasing of temperature, cyclic-saturates change not too much. The content of aromatics increases and has a maximum 82.65% under 440 ℃ for 30 min. The content of mono-aromatics increase but di-aromatics and multi-aromatics decrease. The content of polar compounds decreased. When the temperature lower than 400 ℃, the gaseous hydrocarbon mainly concludes CH4, C2H6 and C3H8. With the increasing reaction temperature, C4H10 appears in the gaseous hydrocarbon, but its yield changes not too much.",0
"After surfurating Fe2O3, FeSO4 and FeS under moderate conditions, they were characterized by XRD, TEM and EDS, and the catalytic activity of them compared through liquefaction experiments for the coal sample from Wucaiwan with high inertinite. XRD and EDS results show that they were produced Fe1-xS after sulfurating them. As a target of oil yield the catalytic activity of them before and after surfurating order Fe2O3>FeSO4>FeS and （Fe1-xS）FeSO4>（Fe1-xS）Fe2O3>（Fe1-xS）FeS. Especially after sulfurating FeSO4, SEM shows that it formed into regular nano-ball and its particle size became much small obviously, the catalytic activity enhanced prominently, and yields of oil and conversion increased percentage points of 11.5 and 7, namely, reached 74.71% and 79.8% respectively.",0
"The optimization concentration of ammonium thiosulfate, ammonium thiocyanate and free ammonia in desulfurization solutions were selected, better temperature of mixing coke oven gas from preliminarily cool tower was chose and the opration parameters of precooling tower, ammonia distillation tower and circulation water were optimized by analyzing the data of ZL method to desulfuration and dehydrogenization in AG. Under these optimal condition, the desulfuration efficiency of the no.1, no.2 and no.3 remove sulfuration tower achieved 40%, 80% and 91% respectively, and the total efficiency of desulfuration and dehydrogenization of ZL method achieved 98%.",1
"In this paper, the desulfurization effect of various desulfurizer in coal washing process was investigated. The removal of total sulfur and various forms of sulfur in coal under different desulfurizer and experimental condition was researched. The results show that the effect of sodium hypochlorite and hydrogen peroxide as oxidant removing inorganic sulfur in coal is very effective, and that methanol and N,N-dimethylethanolamine as extraction agent could remove effectively organic sulfur in coal. The oxidation desulfurizer and the extraction desulfurizer have cooperative effect, so the combination of the both could increase the desulfurization effect of total sulfur in coal. In addition, the irradiation of microwave and ultrasound could improve the desulfurization efficiency of organic sulfur in coal.",1
"By comparing quality of gas coal and lean coal, the coke block pattern of plastometer index and optical texture of coke, it showed the inert structure was high coked from gas coal and lean coal, which can make the blend coal thin. But the coking capacity of them was completely different, comparison of micro-structure of coke formation of single kind of coal, the reactivity of gas coal was higher. The self-caking intensity and the coke microstructure were further compared, the results indicates the grain size of gas coal cannot oversize and also cannot undersize, it should be controlled in the reasonable size, which can improve coke quality when it participated in blending. The coke quality also can be improved by reasonable comminuting lean coal.",1
"High-thermal-conductivity carbon material is a focus of new carbon material research field. With few QIs coal tar pitch as raw material in this work, the thermoplastic elastomer mesophase pitch was prepared by the different thermal polymerization time. The mesophase pitchs containing various TI were moulded respectively at 25 ℃ to 600 ℃ under 3.12 MPa. The effect of hot press molding on the development of ordered mesophase was studied. The results showed that: when TS contents of mesophase pitch lay between 10.7% to 26.3%, the ordered columnar billet was successfully preparaed by hot press molding. It is shown by polarizing microscope that the regional mesophase displayed a sort structure of long fibrous, highly ordered and the mesophase liquid crystal molecules were aligned perpendicular to the compressing direction in the molding process. After carbonization at 1 100 ℃, the longitudinal and lateral resistivity range of the carbon block precursor was 1.78 Ω·m-2.99 Ω·m, 0.83 Ω·m-1.41 Ω·m, respectively. It exhibited a sort of preferred orientation and easy graphitization, so it was the ideal precursor for the high-thermal-conductivity carbon block.",1
"An experimental study was conducted to investigate the devolatilization and morphology characteristics of three typical Chinese bituminous coals in thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) by varying the coal particle size. Coal chars were then analyzed by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) for surface morphology. The devolatilization rate is not greatly influenced by the particle size around millimeter range in this study, however different coal types show distinct morphological characters even under similar proximate and ultimate analysis. For coals with less fluidity, it is easier to crack in pyrolysis process as the particle diameter increases. Coal with fluidity has a rough and quite fluffy surface after pyrolysis and a higher ratio of swelling but shows less cracking tendency.",0
"The differences of property between the desulphurization slag of CFB boiler and the fly ash of PF boiler were compared, the hydrating capacity and the gelling property of the desulphurization slag of CFB boiler was analyzed. It was found that the reactivity of desulphurization slag comes from those amorphous material Al2O3 of and SiO2, and although those materials of CaO and Ⅱ-CaSO4 are beneficial to inducing the pozzolanic activity of slag, to increasing its gelling property, they also provide a great expansive force during hydration, which causes the instability of hydras. The expansibility of hydras is mainly caused by the forming of ettringite during hydration, the concentration of sulfate radical (SO2-4) ion in hydras plays a key role for the long-term stability of ettringite, and the CaO in desulphurization slag has an indirect effect on the expansion of hydras.",1
"The fluidized behavior of ternary mixtures of pine char, coal char, and coal ash has been investigated. The effect of coal ash on the mixing of coal char and pine char was expressed through mixing index. It was found that decreasing ash diameter, increasing ash content in a certain range, and increasing gas velocity would improve the mixing of coal char and pine char. Moreover, the increase of ash content enriched pine char on the upper part of fluidized bed column.",1
"In the co-gasification process of coal and biomass, fluidization properties of the mixtures are the co-fluidization of two kinds of chars in the fluidized bed. This paper reports the experimental findings related to fluidization characteristics of well-mixed binary mixtures composited by coal char and biomass char with different particle sizes and different mass composition ratio. The experimental results showed that the addition of coke can improve fluidization characteristics of biomass chars significantly, and that the mixing and segregation behavior of binary mixtures varied with particle size as well as density and gas flow. For well-mixed mixtures, coke is smaller than corncob-char in diameter, and the minimum fluidization velocities decreased with coke compositions, but on contrary the minimum fluidization velocities increased with coke compositions for segregated mixtures.",1
"An overview is presented on the experiment and modeling study of effective diffusivity through the ash layer, which is a key parameter when describing coal char particle combustion or gasification. There are two theories studying the effective diffusivity. Ash layer is a porous media, so the theory of diffusion through porous media can be adopted. On the other hand, coal char combustion or gasification is gas-solid reaction, so the gas-solid reaction theory can be used. Some suggestions on studying the effective diffusivity in the future are also given.",1
"The production capacity of low-temperature coal tar is increasing with the development of domestic coal low-temperature pyrolysis technique. In order to improve the utilization efficiency of low-temperature coal tar and solve the environmental problems in the combustion process, the properties, composition，processes and economic of two main routes(fuel type and fuel-chemical type)of low-temperature coal tar were researched. The result shows that low-temperature coal tar processing should be selected fuel-chemical type route which extracted phenols first, and then hydrogenation. This route by which the high value-added components in low-temperature coal tar was efficiently used, with a reasonable process and a short investment recovery period, is a prospect route for industrial production.",0
"Investigation of arsenic content and occurrence in coal of Guizhou coal showed that arsenic content is large, and its arithmetic average content reaches 93.31 mg/kg, which is much larger than that in coal of other coal fields in China (4.09 mg/kg). The sequence of the average levels of arsenic occurrence in coal is: residual arsenic(56.74%)＞Fe-Mn oxide arsenic (20-74%)＞sulfide arsenic (15.20%)＞organic arsenic (5.07%)＞carbonate arsenic (1.73%)＞soluble and exchangeable arsenic. Arsenic in coal is mainly residual arsenic, and Fe-Mn oxide arsenic is the second highest. There is a coal sample exception, whose content is lower than other samples relatively, and organ arsenic is the largest in all modes. With previous studies, the result can be inferred that the coal is mainly organic arsenic, but not easy to extract.",1
"By means of non-uniform electric field with DC high-voltage, researches on the positive corona charging characteristics of flowing pulverized coal. In order to find out the optimal technological condition of pulverized coal’s charge-to-mass ratio and its influencing factors, based on single-factor experiments, the main factors as the charged voltage, mean sieving particle size and powder feed concentration are determined. The best technological conditions have been pre-sented by orthogonal test, and the results have been examined by variance analysis. According to the analysis results, obtained regression formula of pulverized coal’s charge-to-mass ratio and its influencing factors by using least square regression analysis.",1
"The effects of particle sizes, atmosphere condition and residual carbon content on the melting characteristics of Huolinhe lignite ash was investigated. Based on the discussion of the change of ash compositions, the variation of the compositions of mineral under different temperatures was employed by XRD. Results shows that the change of ash melting point (AMP) caused by particle size is due to the variation of total alkali content in ash; the modification of AMP in different atmospheres results from the generation of fayalite and hercynite, which come from the reactions between the wustite and gehlenite, anorthite; the difference of AMP caused by residual carbon content is the result of the formation of Fe3C, reducing atmosphere and the “skeleton” of residual carbon within the ash cone.",1
"In order to understand the difference between protogenous trial sample and the grinding trial sample, from Shanxi Lingshi coal preparation plant the author gets the pilot sample, and then gets the protogenous trial sample and the grinding trial sample through preparing, looking for the difference of physical properties between them in quality and density. Insult shows that through grinding of the coal, the ash significantly increase and the ash of coarser coal is higher. Although there are no universal rules of the total sulfur and the granularity of grinding coal, the sulfate sulfur has a negative correlation with the granularity, the pyrites sulfur has a positive correlation with the granularity. The yield and total sulfur in every particle size fraction keep the trend with the protogenous coal, but the ash of different particle size is no homogeneous of the grinding coal.",1
"A float-sink method and a laser particle size analyzer were used to study the mineral matter distribution in industrial pulverized coals. The influence of coal rank, ash contents and mill types were studied. It was found that there is a decrease in ash content with an increase in particle size for all samples. The coal with higher rank or higher ash content showed a larger decrease in ash content with an increase in particle size. But the influence of mill type is negligible.",1
"Coal from Wulanchabu was selected to research the effects of dry distillation on the gaseous products during the coal underground gasification. The pyrolysis experiments were completed in a large diameter fixed bed reactor at 150 ℃-800 ℃. The results show that gas can not release lower than 400 ℃ in large size and the yield rate of total gas increase with the temperature increasing, the average of pore size and pore volume first increased and then decrease. The trends of gaseous of large lump lignite pyrolysis products are similar in different size coal, but there are more slower and large output in 5 cm square coal. During the slow heating and medium-speed heating, the heating speed of 5 ℃/min can significantly increase the weight loss and gas yield.",0
"Rainging from bituminous coals that contain low degree of codification to high rank anthracite, as well as petroleum cokes for coal gasification were carried out in the lab. Under the premise of assuring the mixed coals ash fusion temperature is to meet with discharging liquid ash, some higher rank coal and/or petroleum cokes are chosen as increasing concentration of low rank CWS by blending. The slurryability of mixed coals water slurry was also investigated. The test results show that the CWS’s concentration of high rank coal is higher than that of low rank coal, the CWS’s concentration of middle rank coal is about 70%, the apparent viscosity is 536 mPa·s, and the flowage property is given A grade. When the CWS’s concentration is to keep in 62%, the CWS’s apparent viscosity of 3 kinds of feedstock blend which contains low rank coal is 340 mPa·s-550 mPa·s, and can satisfy the need of CWS’s gasification technology of liquid ash discharge.",1
"The middle distillate oil is the main product of coal liquefaction. In this paper, the group composition change of middle distillate oil from coal liquefaction before and after hydrocracking was investigated in an autoclave at different temperature and time using FV-20 as catalyst. The results show that the content of saturates gradually decrease with the temperature and time increasing before it reachs 400 ℃. It reaches its minimum when it is 440 ℃ after 40 minutes. The n-C12-27 of saturates decreasing with the growing of temperature, whereas cyclic-saturates doesn’t change much. The content of aromatics increases and has its maximum of 82.65% when it is 440 ℃ after 30 minutes, and content of mono-aromatics increase but diand multi-aromatics decrease. The content of polar compounds is also decreasing. When the temperature is lower than 400 ℃, the gaseous hydrocarbon which mainly concludes CH4, C2H6, C3H8 react differently. With the increasing the reaction temperature, C4H10 appears in the gaseous hydrocarbon, but its yield doesn’t changes too much.",0
"Pyrolysis temperature is one of the important factors that affect the char gasification reactivity. In this paper, the coal char samples were prepared under different pyrolysis temperatures with briquette and raw coal of similar size. The effect of pyrolysis temperature on char gasification reactivity was studied, and gasification properties of two kinds of semi-coke were compared. The results show that, the coal chars had high gasification reactivity above 1 000 ℃, and at the same time the reactivity of briquette semi-coke was slightly higher than that of raw lignite char. The two kinds of coal char both had the highest gasification reactivity when pyrolysis temperature was in the range of 650 ℃-700 ℃.",0
"To improve the thermal property of coke, the inhibition to coke deterioration by spraying starch as a new deterioration inhibitor was investigated. The structure and morphology of coke were scanned to explain starch’s inhibition mechanism to coke by SEM. It was found that the CRI decreased by 4.08% and the CSR improved by 3.99% when spraying 1.0% starch. SEM scanning results showed that both the coke surface pore diameter and the depth had decreased sharphy, it helps to reduce CO2 to erode coke.",1
"Hydro-upgrading of Lurgi furnace wide distillation range coal tar from Yunnan Jiehua Company was carried out on 100 mL hydrogenation unit using different property self-made hydrogenation catalysts. The results revealed that the reaction temperature, pressure, volume ratio of hydrogen to oil and liquid hourly space velocity (LHSV) had great effect on catalytic performance of the catalysts. Under the optimized conditions of 12.0 MPa, 360 ℃, 1.0 h-1 and volume ratio of hyrdogen to oil 1 200∶1, the hydrogenation products contains about 9% of naphtha, 78% of diesel oil and 13% of hydrogenation tail oil. Hydrogenation unit realized stable operation and the catalysts exhibited high activity and stability lasted for about 1 114 h without obvious deactivity.",0
"The full-size three-dimensional numerical simulation study on two kinds of low calorific value coal-bed gas burner before and after improvement is conducted. Two kinds of bur-ner’s velocity field, temperature field and concentration field distribution are presented. The results show that the improved burner not only produces central backflow region and outer backflow region, but also has good jet flow rigidity. The improved burner has a wide ratio for regulating the concentration of methane when combusts the gas which mechane volume concentration is low about 20 percent, can also maintain a high combustion temperature, and has a wide region of high temperature distribution, and has high combustion efficiency.",1
"Three different materials such as sodium silicate, bentonite, red mud were chosen as the inorganic binder, which were mixed into the powder of low rank bituminous coals from Shenmu or Yuzhou to make coal briquette in four ration. The results of coal strength determination show that the cold strength is increased with the binder ration, thereinto, the cold strength of coal briquette with bentonite is far higher than that of these briquette with sodium silicate or red mud. Further analysis of micro-structure of coal briquette by electron microscopic also verifies that the cohesion of coal briquette with bentonite is strongest, and it is because that bentonite by form of flower-shaped gels wedges the hole of coal granules and form the net-structure on coal granules surface. Owing to the property of low rank bituminous coal, the coal briquette made of the coal is always sensitive to the forming pressure. The cold strength of coal briquette increases with the forming pressure at first, and 20 kN is the optimum pressure, then it decreases.",1
"The chemical vapor deposition growth of carbon nanotubes (CNTs) from acetylene, catalyzed by mesoporous molecular sieves (Fe/MCM-41 and Fe/ABW) with different Fe-loading was investigated. The effects of the reaction temperature, catalyst kind and catalyst pretreatment were discussed. The structures and morphologies of the products were characterized by field emission scanning electron microscopy, high-resolution transmission electron microscopy, and X-ray diffraction, and the growth mechanism of CNTs was also proposed. The results show that CNTs with uniform diameter of 20 nm-30 nm and good crystallization degree were obtained using H2-reduced catalysts at 700 ℃.",1
"A simple preparation of bimodal porous support was to introduce ZrO2 into bigger pores of formless SiO2 directly, then a kind of eggshell catalyst based on this bimodal porous support was prepared. The structure and reduction property of the catalysts were characterized by SEM, EDS, Brunner-Enunett-Teller(BET) and temperature-programmed-reduction(TPR) techniques. The results show that the BET surface area and pore volume of catalyst were increased compared to the original silica gel and catalyst, catalysis activity and selectivity for C+5 hydrocarbon. The CO conversion are 89.87%-96.58%, the selectivity for C+5 hydrocarbon is 76.8%-84.7%, and the alkene/alkane rate in tail gas is close to zero at the condition of temperature 250 ℃, pressure 2 MPa, and airspeed 500 h-1.",1
"Co-Pd/TiO2 catalysts with V and Mo were prepared by incipient impregnation method. The catalysts were evaluated in fixed-bed reactor, and its catalytic activities for the conversion of CH4-CO2 to acetic acid were studied. The catalyst characterization were determined by XRD, NH3-TPD and H2-TPR. The results showed that the addition of V and Mo affected the carrier crystal and superficial acid state, and was propitious to active metal reduction and the distribution of acetive metal on the carrier surface, thereby promoted the catalytic activity.",1
"In this paper, CO shift reaction which is a section of the methanol synthesis process using the HT-L pulverized coal gasification is simulated by Aspen Plus industrial systems flower software, which is based on a domestic coal chemical industry. The content of CO after shift reaction is investigated by RK-ASPEN and ELECNTL physical property methods under the given conditions. The computational results show that the molar content of CO decreases to 19.700％ from original 69.578％ under the given temperature of 210 ℃ and pressure of 3.6 MPa, and which is suit for the requirement of methanol synthesis process. At the same time, compared with the experimental data, the present model can simulate the CO shift reaction very well.",1
"Based on PROII simulation software, the density of pure H2, CO in methanol synthesis system and the volume of methanol, CH3OH-CO-H2 mixture with the changes in temperature and pressure were researched. Effects of pressure and temperature on the equilibrium composition in methanol synthesis system were further studied based on results. The results showed pressure had greater influence on character. What’s more, the simulated values agreed with experimental values at lower pressure, equilibrium composition was same to experimental results. Lower temperature-higher pressure had advantage to improve equilibrium composition of methanol. And CH3OH synthesis was researched basing on syngas produced by opposed multiple burner pulverized coal gasifier, the optimized conditions were pressure: 9 MPa-10 MPa, inlet temperature: ~260 ℃, inlet CO2 concentration: 6%-8% (percent of volume) when copper-base catalyst was used.",1
"On the range of 60 ℃-110 ℃, 0.5 MPa-1.75 MPa, 1 h-1-3.5 h-1 LHSV, the ratio 0.3∶80-0.3∶350 of oil to gas, the influence of the technologic conditions on the content of light oil and saturated vapor pressure of M15(15% methanol) in the reaction process of light oil of M15 under the catalysis of Hβ zeolite. The result shows that the optimal technologic conditions are 90 ℃, 1.0 MPa, 1.0 h-1 LHSV, the 0.3∶135 ratio of oil to gas. Under these conditions, the content of volatile component decreased and the saturated vapor pressure of M15 reduced remarkably from 75 kPa-76 kPa to 64 kPa-66 kPa.",0
"The basic concept and characteristics of CLC were introduced. The mechanism of solid fuels CLC was analyzed. The research progress of oxygen carriers was summarized. Several kinds of reactors in CLC were discussed, among which interconnected fluidized bed reactor would be focused in future research. Besides, three kinds of extended CLC technologies, i.e. the chemical-looping hydrogen (CLH), chemical-looping reforming (CLR), and chemical-looping with oxygen uncoupling (CLOU) were compared. Finally, the existing problems and further research fields were proposed.",1
"The experimental results of PDU and the technologic characteristics of four types of catalytic gasification process, with the purpose of respectively producing the synthetic natural gas-methane by pressuried fluidized gasifier at the Exxon of USA, the medium heating value fuel gas by pressuried spouted fluidized gasifier at the UBC of Canada, and by internaly circulating fluidized gasifier with draft tube at KAIST of Korea, the industrial fuel gas by the “Catalytic Gasification and Ash-cinder Calcination” integration system (i.e. CGAC) at the Fuzhou University of China, were reiewed and compared. It is clear that in order to provide more effictive information on the scaled-up engineering design the new PDU of catalytic fluidized gasifier providing heat with burning of coal itself needs to be establised urgently and special experiments in this PDU requires quickly in processing. Since the great demand in the market of industrial fuel and synthetic gases, preferentially developing the CGAC integration patent will make more progress in an actual industrialization processing of catalytic gasification technology.",1
,1
"Xuzhou Jiahe coal was all separated into four group components including residue, asphaltene component, ultra-pure coal and light component at room temperature and pressure with CS2/NMP mixed solvent and strippant. The process of extraction and stripping was tracked by SEM to study ultra-pure coal and asphaltene component formation mechanism in microscopic. The results show that ultra-pure coal and asphaltene component that belong to micro-nano particle give priority to the floating mode from coal macromolecule matrix to extract liquid. Both ultra-pure coal and asphaltene particle occurred fusion phenomenon during the process of stripping. Dark gray ultra-pure coal melt into mesh or surface uniformity block after adding stripping reagent. Offwhite(or white) asphaltene component change from the scatter-gather into a high degree aggregation before and after joining stripping reagent and melt into extremely smooth and uniform surface block in further. After the process of merging and growing up, it redispersed into a small sphere of uniform size in NMP reagent at last.",1
"Tongting clarain (TTLY), Tongting fusain (TTSY), Chaili clarain (CLLY) and Liangjia vitrain (LJJY) were grading extracted under ultrasonic conditions using CS2, petroleum ether, benzene, methanol, acetone and tetrahydrofuran (THF) in order. The extraction yields of all grades and times were calculated to investigate the impacts of extraction yield and rate of coals in the intervention of the ultrasonic. The results show that the extraction rate of all coals can significantly improve, but the extraction yield related with the solvent, coal rank and maceral can improve with petroleum ether, benzene and THF under ultrasonic extraction.",1
"The pyrolysis characteristics of Indonesian lignite were studied by means of thermal gravimetric analysis and pyrolysis experiments. The pyrolysis mechanism of Indonesian lignite and the effects of heating rate and the final pyrolysis temperature on the pyrolytic process also were studied in detail. The results showed that the pyrolytic process of Indonesian lignite can be divided into three stages: water evaporation, volatile release, semi-coke formation. The water and small molecules adsorbed of coal were removed at reaction temperature less than 300 ℃. Then the initiate pyrolysis temperature of Indonesian lignite is about 300 ℃ and the pyrolytic reaction was intensified at 400 ℃. At the low heating rate range of 10 K/min-20 K/min, the yield of tar was kept as 8.5% of weight and the heating rate had less effect on pyrolysis products. At the low pyrolysis temperature range of 400 ℃-600 ℃, the final pyrolysis temperature had less effect on the yield of tar, but the yield of pyrolysis gas increased and the yield of semi-coke decreased with the improvement of pyrolysis temperature.",0
"Five representative coal samples used for coking were carbonized in a thermogravimetric analyzer to simulate an industrial coking process. The gaseous organic compounds generated were analyzed with a coupled mass spectrometer. During coal carbonization, thermal detachment of aliphatic side groups causes disintegration of the coal structure. Methyl groups detach at higher temperatures than methylene and methine groups, and the temperatures corresponding to peak generation of these groups increase with the metamorphic grade of the coal. Methane is generated by three mechanisms: below 370 ℃, methane adsorbed in coal is thermally released; at about 510 ℃, methyl groups are thermally detached from the coal to form CH+3 ions, which further combine with hydrogen to form methane; finally, at about 720 ℃, methane is produced as a result of the condensation of aromatic rings to form larger fused rings. Benzene is also generated by three mechanisms: at 400 ℃-500 ℃, aromatic structures in coal lose side groups (e.g. methylene or methine) to form benzene ions, which subsequently react with hydrogen to form benzene; at 500 ℃-700 ℃, benzyl structures in coal lose methyl groups to form benzene ions, which then combine with hydrogen to form benzene; finally, at about 800 ℃, condensation of fragments in coal also forms benzene.",1
"TG-FTIR was used to analyze the co-pyrolysis process of rice husk and lignite. It was found that the co-pyrolysis mass lost were larger than mono-pyrolysis, especially when mixed ratio of rice husk and lignite was 2∶8. The co-pyrolysis products component changed, with CO2 increased, CH4 decreased, CO increased a little, while other organic compounds like phenols, carbonyl compounds, and aromatic compound all decreased a little. The mechanism of co-pyrolysis process was investigated. The metallic oxide in biomass could restrain the process of coal bond into coke so biomass and coal co-pyrolysis process took place the synergistic effect; thus it contributes to the further decomposition of coal. In addition, the biomass generates H2 earlier than coal during co-pyrolysis, and the condensation reaction of coal at high temperature is inhibited because of H2; so the prolysis of coal is promoted.",0
"XPS was applied to investigate the mode of occurrence of sulfur in high-sulfur coal from Weibei coal field. The distribution characteristics of sulfur in different particle sizes and different densities, and the changes of sulfur by sieving, float and sink analysis were presented. According to these analysis, the washability evaluation on sulfur in coal was made. The results indicate that higher metamorphic and high-sulfur coal from Weibei coal filed is enriched in heterocycle thiophenic structure and sulfoxide et al. The washability of sulfur in coal can be improved by crushing the particle size to 6 mm-0.5 mm. The theoretic yield of fine coal of 3 mm-0.5 mm coal is 88.8%, ash content is 12.0%, and the theoretic sulfur content is 2.3%. Other chemical methods must be further employed to remove organic sulfur and fine dispersed inorganic sulfur.",1
"According to the swelling measurement principle, combined with a linear variable differential transformer (LVDT) deformation transducer, an apparatus for measuring coal swelling in solvent was made. The swelling isothermals of L1 and B3 in nine solvents (four non-polar solvents, four polar solvents and distilled water) were obtained by the linear variable differential transformer (LVDT) deformation transducer. The swelling rate curves were obtained by derivative swelling isotherms. Furthermore, the swelling behaviors of other four coal samples (two lignites and two bitumites) in N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (NMP) were investigated. There is no significant swelling for L1 in four non-polar solvents; but swelling in the four polar solvents significantly, especially in NMP having the maximum swelling ratio; and swelling in distilled water significantly. The swelling of B3 in four non-polar solvents except for n-hexane were significant, even the swelling ratio in toluene greater than in polar solvent acetonitrile. The swelling ratio in the polar solvent NMP was the maximum, showing a significant swelling in distilled water. At the initial time, the maximum swelling rate for two coals in non-polar solvents was shown in carbon disulfide. In all experimental solvents, the swelling in acetonitrile showed the maximum swelling rate. In NMP, three bitumite showed large swelling ratio and the swelling behaviors of three lignites were quite different. The swelling ratio of a lignite was significantly higher than that of the other two lignites and was equal to the bitumite.",1
"This paper come up with a new concept, the method of catalysis on UCG, by introducing stream, a high-pressure vaporific catalysts, into installation so as to conduct UCG with calcium salts as its catalysts. In another oxygen gasification experience, we utilise the catalysts of calcium hydroxide water solution, the mass fraction of which are respectively 5%,10%,15%,and 20%. It is found that the CH4 components and value of gas can be 7.58% higher, 5.43 MJ/m3-7.87 MJ/m3 after gasification under high-pressure vaporific catalysts than that with 10% CaCO3 and no any catalysts; the former, also brings higher rate of 28%-69% of producing gas and more stable production. This paper demonstrates that an optimized gasification result will come if mass fraction of Ca(OH)2 range from 10% to 15% .This shows a brand new way to ensure UCG stablitiy.",1
"The hypothesis, which is the dynamics control areas of the coal gasification, of random pore model was improved, and the carbon conversion rate (X) and reaction time (t) by a modified random pore model (MRPM) of the high temperature coal char gasification/CO2 conversion reaction was described as X=1-exp[-kt(a+bkt+k2t2)]. During 950 ℃-1 400 ℃ gasification temperature, the apparent activation energies of the Huainan slow and rapid pyrolysis coal chars-CO2 gasification were calculated by MRPM which respectively is 121.99 kJ/mol-153.75 kJ/mol and 88.57 kJ/mol-121.39 kJ/mol. The results show that the effect of MRPM is better than that of random pore model and shrinking core model, it can well reflect the kinetic behavior of char gasification characteristics, and the model is suitable for simulation the gasification of different coal chars.",1
"The numerical relationship between the gasifier entrance material and the export effective gas compositions is computed theoretically using the principle of material balance, energy balance and chemical equilibrium. In this paper, the Fluent software is used to simulate the temperature field formed in the gasifier and the concentration field of the export syngas’ main components. We get first step conclusion that the syngas with the hydrogen carbon ratio in the range of 1.0-2.0 can be produced directly when changing the proportion of the coke-oven gas and coal.",1
"Biomass char gasification with CO2 can produce high purity CO through the reaction of gasification agent CO2 with carbon in char. The effects of four transition metal catalysts (Ni, Ce, Fe and Cr) and four different gasification temperature on gasication of pine char were studied under 30% CO2 condition by using gravimetric analysis. And then the nth level reaction model was applied to calculate the kinetic parameters of catalytic gasification for pine char from 710 ℃ to 990 ℃ by ABSW differential method. The results indicated that with the increase of gasification temperature, the reaction time was obviously shortened. When the gasification temperature reached up to 850 ℃, high reaction rate can be obtained. Moreover, the gasification reactivity of pine char with CO2 was significantly improved through the addition of four different transition metal catalysts. The order of catalytic activity from high to low was Ni, Ce, Fe and Cr. According to this study, it was found that the experimental data agreed better with the nth level reaction model at high temperature range.",1
"This paper focused on the preparation of a kind of dispersant. As raw material, phenol was sulfonated by sulfuric acid, polymerized by formaldehyde, and then grafted by epoxy chloropropane to get the epichlorohydrin modified sulfonated phenolic resin dispersant used in coal water slurry (CWS). The best condition of synthesis was n(phenol)∶n(sulfuric acid)∶n(formaldehyde)∶n(epoxy chloropropane)=1∶1∶0.7∶1.5. Sulfonation temperature was 100 ℃, polymeric temperature was 65 ℃. The static contact angle, rheology and stability were tested to analyze the interaction of dispersant and the surface of coal particles. The dispersant can improve hydrophilicity of coal surface, epoxy chain of the dispersant can combined with the hydrophobic groups on coal surface, and sulfonic acid groups have a strong hydrophilicity, so the dispersant can prevent coal particles from gathering through steric hindrance effect to increase the stability of CWS effectively.",1
"With consideration of utilization of resources rationally and protection of environment,two or more than two kinds of single coal are mixed according to certain proportion for coking with minimum economic cost. However, the quality and quantity of coal is uncertain, scientific decision-making on coal blending must be used to solve the problems. In this paper, an optimization model of coal blending for coking based on interval fuzzy programming under uncertainty were studied. Application shows that optimal solution of the model in this article can be obtained, which can provide reference for technicians of coal blending for coking according to actual conditions.",1
"Based on finite volume method, the model of the drying process of a single spherical lignite particle in hot gas was developed. In the paper, the lignite particle was divided into dry region and wet region by water evaporation interface. Crank-nicolson scheme was used to discretize the transport equations so that a single lignite particle dynamic process of moisture content and temperature distribution within the particle under different conditions (initial gas temperature, particle size, resident time) was identified. It is suggested that the model values are more closed to the experimental results and the actual drying process of lignite can be simulated successfully by the model. It was found that longer residence time, larger particle size and drying medium of higher original temperature lead to lower moisture lignite. At the initial gas temperature of 873 K, the moisture content of the lignite particle size of 20 mm decreases from 25.3% to 12% within the residence time of 131 s and the surface temperature of lignite particle is just 537 K, a little higher than the initial evolution temperature of volatile (520 K). Hence, it can be used as the reference of the actual drying process of lignite.",1
"The relationships between main operating parameters of coal drying (type, temperature, content of water of drying medium) and temperature of dry-coal have been studied with Aspen Plus. The results show that the type of drying medium has little effect on temperature of dry-coal. As increasing of temperature and flow of drying medium, temperature of dry-coal increases rapidly after a slowly increase. At low flow of drying medium, with increasing of water-content of drying medium, temperature of dry-coal does not increase apparently and at high flow of dry medium, the temperature of dry-coal does not change.",1
"As Shenmu Xigou coal for sample, we studied the relationship between chemical composition and ash fusibility, investigated the influence of the ash composition on the temperature of coal ash melting, and concluded the best approach to improve the ash fusion temperature. The experimental results showed that the ash melting temperature was increased when adding appropriate amount of oxides. In order to make ST exceeding 1 350 ℃, the addition of SiO2 was at least 4.0%, the addition of Al2O3 was at least 2.0%, the addition of CaO was at least 2.0%. To take account of the conditions of industrial production, CaO, Al2O3, SiO2 or bualget kaolin, limestone, imvite should be added to enhance the ash fusion temperature in order to enlange the range of coal’s application.",1
"Based on the pulverized coal combustion efficiency and low pollution into consideration, in order to confirming the theory of corona coal powder flow enhanced ignition and combustion, the combustion test research on charged pulverized anthracite flow was finished. Using pneumatic screw micro-feeding powder for pulverized coal supply and transportation, the use of corona charging appliance of the pulverized coal particles in electriccyclone, connected to the drop tube furnace pulverized coal combustion in a stream of visual completion, using high resolution digital photographic equipment finished the records of the ignition and combustion state, with the aid of special software for image analysis. By means of thermogravimetry for some residua samples, proceed with the exploration of charged pulverized coal flow complete combustion characteristics. Comparing the charged anthracite powder flow with general anthracite powder flow, the results of the experiment analysis show that , the ignition distance and ignition delay of charged anthracite powder flow is about 5% and 6% ahead of percentage, is about 21% increased combustible matter consumption at least. The charged pulverized coal flow combustion displays better effectiveness of enhanced ignition and combustion.",1
"Making immobilized lipase with high selectivity in organic solvent is a critical step in producing chiral intermediate of enzymatic resolution. The research concentrated on the chiral separation reaction of (R,S)-1-phenylethanol catalyzed by immobilized lipase supported by different coal-based activated carbon. The properties of activated carbon were characterized by the N2 adsorption/desorption method and the scanning electronic microscope. By researching the catalytic separation reaction of (R,S)-1-phenylethanol catalyzed by immobilized lipase, the catalytic activity of lipase with different carrier of activated carbons as well as the reaction effect with reaction time were studied. The result showed that the immobilized lipase supported by microporous activated carbon was excellent for its catalytic effect, whose conversion rate was nearly 50% when the reaction time reached 12.8 h.",1
"The process of two-stage hydro-upgrading of high-temperature coal tar has been proved to be feasible with adapted proportion of catalysts for hydro-pretreating, hydro-finishing, hydro-cracking and hydro-saturation. The results of lab experiments show that the qualities of the high-temperature coal tar can be significantly upgraded by hydro-upgrading, such as density reduced from 1 169.7 kg/m3 to 900.9 kg/m3 and less, H/C ratio increased from 0.79 to 1.63, the carbon residue content reduced to 0.02%; while the potential aromatics content in the hydro-upgraded naphtha fraction is more than 68% , sulfur and nitrogen contents are less than 5 μg/g and 1 μg/g, respectively, so the naphtha is a high quality feedstock for catalytic reforming process. With an ultra low sulfur content, freezing point and cold filter plug point less than -30 ℃, and a cetane number higher than 39, the hydro-upgraded diesel fraction is also an excellent blending component for low freezing point diesel. Meanwhile, the hydro-upgraded tail oil is not suitable to be directly used as feedstock for FCC process due to its highly aromatic composition.",1
"Solvent selection is the key of solvent crystallization method. In this paper, based on the Matlab software, the intermolecular Van der Waal’s attractive energy was calculated between anthracene, carbazole, xylene and chlorobenzene molecules. GC-MS and GC with internal standard curve method were applied to determine the components of anthracene residue and content of anthracene, phenanthrene, carbazole and fluorene in the resulting products. The results showed that the intermolecular van der Waal’s attractive energy between chlorobenzene and anthracene/carbazole was higher than that of xylene, which was consistent with the solubility data. After using xylene two steps of dissolution and crystallization, the removal efficiency of phenanthrene and fluorene was 96% and 91% respectively. DMF+IPA co-solvent and chlorobenzene were applied to the process of anthracene and carbazole separation and carbazole refining, can get high purity carbazole with the purity of 98.68%, the total recovery yield of carbazole is higher than 45% without mother liquor recycling.",1
"With the aid of process software PRO/II, a rectisol acidic gas absorption column of the 600 000 t/a coal-to-methanol plant is set up and the calculation is performed. By comparison with the results of the different thermodynamics models, it was clear that vapor-liquid equilibrium of H2-CO2-CH3OH system deviated from the situation which under high pressure at low temperature. That's the reason for the simulation error. By improved SRK-SIMSCI thermodynamics model，the result showed that the model was satisfactorily agree with the real operation condition of the industry unit.",1
"La and K promoted Cu/MgO catalysts were prepared by coprecipitation method. The catalytic performance of the catalysts on low-temperature methanol synthesis from CO2-containing syngas was investigated. The catalysts were characterized by means of XRD and TPD measurements. The results indicated that La2O3 addition improved Cu dispersion, which enhanced the low temperature CO and CO2 adsorption ability and promoted the conversion of CO2. With the further addition of K2O, the improved surface basicity caused an increase in CO and CO2 high temperature adsorption. The simultaneous conversion of CO and CO2 was achieved, and the activities of the catalyst and methanol yields were enhanced, while the selectivity of ethyl formate was increased. The catalyst with Cu/K molar ratio of 10∶1 showed high activity and stability, and the total carbon conversion of 29.7% was obtained with high methanol yield.",1
"Shendong Shangwan coal and its macerals of vitrinite and inertinite were analyzed by 13C-CP/MAS NMR and FTIR and relative structural parameters were also discussed. The results indicate that inertinite has a higher aromaticity and aromatic bridgehead carbons than those of parent coal and vitrinite. The types of naphthalene and anthracene were main aromatic structure in inertinite macrostructure. Vitrinite had more alkylated aromatic, paraffin hydrocarbon, cycloalkanes, aliphatic carbon and higher hydrogen content. The type of benzene was the main aromatic structure; the macrostructure of parent coal has more fHal（quanternary carbon, CH and CH2） and bonded to oxygen(fOal) and naphthalene was its main aromatic structure. The degree of hydroxy association of three sample and CC stretching vibration are also stronger. The ratio Hal/Har of vitrinite 2.18 is much higher than that of parent coal(1.52) and inertinite(1.36), which was consistent with the fact that vitrinite had lower aromaticity; the macrostructure of vi-trinite and inertinite have more stretching vibration —CH2 than that of parent coal.",1
"Soxhlet extraction treatment of coal by hexane and tetrahydrofuran (THF) was used to remove low molecular weight compounds. In order to avoid extraction solvent residues in coal, the extracted coal was dried under vacuum at different temperatures. The swelling behaviors of raw coal and extracted coals in ethanol were compared by linear variable differential transformer (LVDT) deformation transducer apparatus. The results showed that thermal desorption-mass spectrometry analysis of extracted coals showed there are extraction solvent residues in coal for drying at 110 ℃ for 24 h, while the amount of solvent residues is reduced by drying at 150 ℃ for 24 h. After drying under vacuum at 110 ℃, the initial swelling rate of extracted coal by tetrahydrofuran is faster than that of raw coal, and the equilibrium swelling ratio increased significantly. After drying under vacuum at 150 ℃, the initial swelling rate and the equilibrium swelling ratio decreases for reducing the amount of residue tetrahydrofuran. For under vacuum at 110 ℃ and 150 ℃ dried hexane extracted coal, the initial swelling rate is slower than that of raw coal. The equilibrium swelling of hexane extracted coal dried at 110 ℃ is less than that of raw coal. After drying under vacuum at 150 ℃, the equilibrium swelling ratio increases and is close to raw coal.",1
"Study on lignite coal powder in the drying process to mention the quality by which factors and how the factors are affected. Experimental data is used for the numerical simulation of the temperature, velocity and pressure fields by FLUENT6.3.26. It showed that lignite coal particles humidity changes when the brown one was upgrading and dry in low solid-gas ratio, and the results of upgrading and dry of the lignite is perfect; the drying effect of the pulverized coal had greatly improved when the inlet flue gas temperature was raised in the drying process, the flue gas velocity has little effect on the humidity of lignite powder particles.",1
"As we know, coal could be transformed into biogenic methane by microbiological action, but biogenic hydrogen production from coal has not yet been reported. This study will constitute an important complement to the coal bed methane bioengineering. Takingcoking coal in Shaqu mine as fermentative substrate, taking mine water strains in the same mining area and the white-rot fungus preserved in laboratory as bacterial source, the impact of bio-hydrogen production by different fermentation technology was studied at conditions which temperature is 35 ℃, initial pH is 6.5 without illumination and anaerobic environment. The results show that: under the conditions of the experiment, the hydrogen volume fraction could reach to 73.7%, the hydrogen production rate could achieve 23.56 mL/g coal; compared to the samples that didn’t mix white-rot fungus, the hydrogen production rate of the samples which added the white rot fungus were decreased 1.5-6 times; other things being equal, hydrogen production could be increased from 0.44 mL to 466.34 mL if hydrogen producing bacteria in mine water were enriched for 4 d; compared mixed edentate disodium at the beginning of enrich hydrogen producing bacteria with adding it after enrich strains, the former hydrogen production rate were 2-10 times than the latter. Obviously, more clean energy-hydrogen could be obtained from coal by microbiological action.",1
"In recent years, with the rapid development of glass industry as well as ceramics factory, industrial gas markets have even broader prospects. In this paper，the gasification process of a new type of the industrial gas pressurized entrained flow coal gasifier is simulated using three-dimensional numerical simulation method. The reliable model have been established and predict the flow distribution, temperature distribution，and gas composition distribution of the entrained flow coal gasifier. As a conclusion the simulation results is also analyzed. From the results，it can be investigated that the flow field in the gasifier can reasonably reflect the trends and processes of reaction in the gasifier；temperature field in the gasifier becomes more even，average temperature increases；and the outlet gas composition is consistent with the measurement data.",1
"The micro fluidized bed reaction analyzer(MFBRA)was used to research the emission characteristics and the formation kinetics of methane which is released from the different kinds of coal and the coal blended during the process of coal pyrolysis.The result shows that in the same pyrolysis condition,as the volatile content of coal increased,the beginning temperature of the methane to be released decreased,the maximum releasing rate and the total amount of methane increased, the activation energy (E) of its pyrolysis decreased, which means that the higher the volatile content of coal ,the easier to its pyrolysis reaction.Blended coal can change the quality index of the single coal. The quality index of the coal blended as the water content, volatile content and the ash content etc equals to its weighted average of corresponding single coal.But the activation energy (E) of coal blended doesn’t equal to the weighted average of corresponding single coal.",0
"A spout-fluid bed gasifier was built up for gasification of coal. The effect of wide sieve particles on flow characteristics of the spout-fluid bed was analyzed through numerical simulation methods. Unsteady Eulerian multi-phase flow model and the standard k-ε turbulence equation were adopted in numerical simulation, and using the user defined function (UDF) writing out wide sieve particles model.Results show that in dense-phase different size particles appear stratification, the fluid dynamics of spouted fluidized bed was influenced by particle size distribution and energy dissipation and the transfer between particle.",1
"The coal liquefaction pitch was refined with tetralin by centrifugal separation. when the ratio of tetralin to coal liquefaction pitch was 3∶1, and centrifugal speed was 4 000 r/min, centrifugal time was 20 min, it was demonstrated that the ash could be decreased 0.02%, and QI could be decreased 0.8%, while the yield of pitch could exceed 80%, and the yield of tetralin  was about 75%.",0
"Several oil field hrdrofining catalysts home and abroad were tested by using coal direct liquefaction oil under different operating conditions. The test results showed that the catalyst Cat-A possessed relatively good hydrodenitrogeneration rate, the catalyst Cat-B hold higher hydrodesulfurization rate. The catalyst Cat-C possessed the best hydrodesulfurization rate and the worst hydrodenitrogeneration rate. The suitable reaction conditions for hydrofining was above pressure 10 MPa, temperature 350 ℃, hydrogen oil volume ratio 800∶1. We found that catalysts were easily inactivation.Such as after a week continuous operation, the catalyst Cat-A activity fell about 20%.",0
"A new coal water slurry(CWS)dispersant named sulfonated naphthol formaldehyde (NPF) was synthesized with 2-naphthol, concentrated sulfuric acid and formaldehyde. Firstly, properties of the polymer on different polymerization conditions were analyzed. Secondly, the stabilities of NSF was enhanced through the NPF/NSF were compounded. The results showed that when the monomer,formaldehyde, 2-naphtholmolar ratio was 0.86∶1, polymerization temperature was 130 ℃, polymerization time was 2 h, the dispersion agent performance is optimal. The coal water slurry viscosity is 463 mPa·s with this dispersant when the dosage is 0.5%, the concentration is 64%, indicating that the dispersant has a high dispersion. Coal water slurry viscosity has reduced by 150 mPa·s when the percentage composition of NPF in the NSF ascertain is 20%. The water precipition ratio reduced by 1.07% without hard deposit after 7 d, indicating that the stabilities were enhanced obviously.",1
"An amphoteric polycarboxylic series dispersant(PA-SSS-DMC) was prepared through radical aqueous solution polymerization using polyethylene glycol-acrylate ester (PA), styrene sulfonic sodium (SSS) and methacryloxyethyl trimethyl ammonium chloride (DMC) as raw meterial, (NH4)2S2O8/Na2SO3 redox system as initiator, Na2SO3 as chain transfer agent. The copolymer was characterized by TGA-DSC, GPC and IR. The effect of synthetic condition on dispersion efficiency was investigated. When the prepared slurry density is 63%, the min apparent viscosity value of the coal water slurry made from Shenfu coal would be 580 mPa·s. The matching experiment results of the polycarboxylic dispersant synthesized at optimal conditions for coal water slurry made from Shenhua coal, Beisu cleaned coal and Yanzhou cleaned coal showed that the dispersant should be applied to a variety of coals and should be used widely.",1
"According to the coal blending theory, the previous production of coal blending ratio scheme, coal and coke quality were analyzed. Combined with weakly caking coal and other coal properties, five coal blending ratio scheme were made, tested with 40 kg coke oven. Through the analysis of the blending ratio scheme and single coal, coal and coke results, it was considered that weakly caking coal ratio should be controlled in 3%-5%, finally by 4.3 m top charging coke oven production practice, and it is thought that the result is correct.",1
"In order to investigate the effects of catalyst on characteristics of semi-coke from the coal fast pyrolysis process, the characteristics of semi-coke including yield, ash content, volatile component content, and structure were studied. The results show that catalyst could decrease the semi-coke yields while improve the volatile release, which caused the decrease of volatile component content and the increase of fixed carbon and ash contents in semi-coke. MnO2 promoted the transverse and longitudinal thermal polycondensation of basic lattice in semi-coke, CaO could promote the longitudinal thermal polycondensation and hindered the transverse thermal polycondensation of basic lattice in semi-coke, and Fe2O3 and TiO2 hindered the longitudinal thermal polycondensation of basic lattice in semi-coke.",1
"The proximate analysis, vitrinite reflectance, Gieseler fluidity, Arnu-Audibert’s dilatometer, coke optical texture of gas-fat coal and coking texture with anthracite were studied. At the same time, it was compared with commonly used fat coal.The result showed that gas-fat coal’rank is lower, coke optical texture of single coal is mainly fine mosaic structure, which are not useful for coal blending. But gas-fat coal’s plastic layer is very affluent and with good caking property, they can well spread crack of coal grains. All these are helpful to coal grains caking and coke quality improvement. Gas-fat coal should be rationally blended.",1
"To study the co-carbonization between coal tar pitch and different rank of coal, experiments of charring between 5% and 10% of coal tar pitch and coals were studied, which were test in coke oven of 40 kg. The results showed that, the microstructures of cokes charred from different rank of coals and coal tar pitch were different. The pitch increased the Optical Texture Index (OTI) of the coke from low rank of coals and high rank of coals, and had little effect on that from middle rank of coals. The mechanical behaviors of cokes charred from different rank of coals and coal tar pitch were also different. The cokes from low rank of coals had high mechanical strength because of obviously dissolution; the cokes from middle rank of coals had little effect with pitch; however, the pitch obviously improves the mechanical capacities and thermal properties of the coke charred from high rank of coals.",1
"The mixture of low metamorphic coal and plastic is studied under the condition of microwave co-pyrolysis, using FT-IR analysis and GC-MS to characterize the bluecoal and tar, and the effects of microwave power on the tar yield and component are investigated that is focused on. This research shows that with the increase of the microwave power, the tar get more and more cleaner. When the microwave power increased from 480 W to 800 W,the light of oil, alkane and olefins increase by 13.2%, 4.4% and 9.1% in the tar. But the heavy oil and aromatic hydrocarbons decreased by 24.2% and 14.6%. Therefore, microwave power has an important impact on the co-pyrolysis.",0
"The composition and distribution of phenolic compounds in middle/low temperature coal tar from Northern Shaanxi was investigated by GC-MS. Five fractions were isolated from middle/low temperature coal tar from Northern Shaanxi by distillation into 170 ℃-230 ℃, 230 ℃-270 ℃, 270 ℃-300 ℃, 300 ℃-340 ℃ and 340 ℃-360 ℃ respectively and figured out the ratio. Soda wash method was used to extract the phenolic compounds in each fractions and the crude phenols was analyzied by GC-MS. It was found that 23, 23, 15, 18 and 10 types of phenolic compounds corresponding to the crude phenols of the five fractions, which contributed the 96.89%, 60.01%, 50.90%, 36.51% and 36.37% of the corresponding crude phenols of the five fractions. And these phenolic compounds accounting for 12.91% of the low temperature coal tar. The main phenolic compounds in the low temperature coal tar were low-rank phenols，C3-C4 alkyl-phenols and naphthols.",0
"The paper investigates the influence on coal tar yield during the preparation process for briquette with low rank pulverized coal. The important factors, which effect on the coal tar yield, include content of bentonite, forming pressure, moisture and particle size of coal. These factors are systematically discussed when using the bentonite as binder. The optimum conditions are as followed: content of bentonite is 5%, forming pressure is 40 kN, moisture content is 14%, and fine coal particle size is less than 0.28 mm. Under the optimum conditions, the coal tar yield is 9.2% and compressive strength of formed coke is 600 N/ball. It satisfied the standard of gasification behavior of formed coke.",0
"Two different materials such as coal tar pitch, fat coal with high adhesion were chosen as the heat binder, which were mixed into the powder of low rank bituminous coals from Shenmu or Yuzhou and other raw materials to make coal briquette in different ration. The determination results show that the thermal strength of coal briquette with tar pitch is higher than that of coal briquette with fat coal. Further analysis of micro-structure of coal briquette by electron microscopic also verifies that the cohesion and water resistance of coal briquette with tar pitch is stronger, and it is because that interaction of air bubble poduced by volatile separated under hot state through colloid pressures the colloid and form the stronger netstructure on coal granules surface. Moreover, the particle size of tar pitch also have certain effect on thermal strength of coal briquette.",1
"The primary issue concerning briquette manufacture was the strength of the briquettes, which was dominated by its microstructure. The relationship between microstructure of briquettes made by different amount of bentonites with different pressure and its strength was studied using optical microscopic analysis method and digital image processing technology. The strength of briquettes was controlled by its fracture, followed by its porosity. The emerging of fracture in briquettes was related to the binders used, the pressure loaded and the properties of feed coals, while porosity related to water added.",1
"Magnesium salt and magnesium smelting slag were used as binder agent and sulfur retention agent of coal briquette, compressive strength, falling strength, redrying strength, and sulfur retention efficiency of coal briquette were tested. Results showed that magnesium salt could significantly improve strength of coal briquette, when mass ratio was 6%, the compressive strength was 528 N/ball, falling strength was 86%. Magnesium smelting slag could improve sulfur retention efficiency, when mass ratio was 6%, sulfur retention efficiency was 74%, the highest density of SO2 was 751 mg/m3.",1
"Extraction of brown humic acid and black humic acid from weathered coal was briefly introduced here. Two kinds of humic acid extracted were characterized respectively by ultra violet-visible spectra, Fourier transformed infrared spectra and three-dimensional fluorescence spectra and the structural differences of them were also illustrated. The structure of functional groups in them was similar but the content of functional groups in brown humic acid was higher than black humic acid overall which was gotten by Fourier transformed infrared spectra. The absorbance ultra violet-visible spectra of both humic acids in the spectroscopy region was decreased with wavelength increasing, which was a mixed spectrum. Both kinds of humic acid had fluorescent effect and the redshifts would happen no matter with concentration increasing or pH value increasing.",1
"To humic acid potassium as basic raw materials, through sulfonation ,was purified humic acid, and then as raw materials, acrylic acid as monomers of copolymerization, potassium persulfate as redox system initiator, the grafted copolymers of sulfonated humic acid and acrylic acid are synthesized by means of aqueous solution of copolymerization. And detect their effect on viscosity, rheology, and stability of coal water slurry. This paper also studies different dispersant dosage on the property of coal water slurry, dispersing agent for coal water slurry of effective components of 0.12% of the total weight, coal water slurry has minimum apparent viscosity.",1
"Experimental analysis of the lignite pyrolysis characteristics of Inner Mongolia Baiyinhua lignite was carried out in tube furnace, the structure of the raw coal and solid pyrolysis products of semi-coke composition changes had been investigated.The adsorption/desorption isotherms of raw coal and semi-coke obtained under different carbonization conditions showed that the semi-coke had a wide pore size distribution, and mesopore and micropore account for a substantial proportion; the semi-coke pore characteristics showed the final dry distillation temperatures and holding time of lignite pyrolysis had a significant impact on specific surface area, pore volume and average pore diameter of semi-coke.",1
"In order to explore the explosion hazard of the raw lignite and dried lignite, the paper based on the mechanism of dust explosions, makes the particle size analysis and explosive experiments, analysis the changes of dust particle size features, dust raising characteristics and explosive characteristic parameters between raw and dried lignite particle size distribution changes. The results show that the large particle size frequency of dried lignite decreases, small particle size frequency increases; the minimum ignition energy, the minimum ignition temperature of dust layer/clound become low. It is easier for dried lignite to reach the explosive limit concentration than raw coal, and it more likely to catch fire to explosion, the sensitivity and hazard of the dried lignite increase.",1
"The action of curing between ash and carbon dioxide in the presence of simulated salt water was studied in the solid-liquid-gas three-phase simulated reaction. Abundant experimental studies were performed in the paper to investigate the factors that influenced the curing rate of carbonation reaction, such as reaction temperature, reaction pressure, particle size and reaction medium. The results showed that the mineral carbonation curing rate increased and then decreased with the increment of reaction temperature from 50 ℃ to 200 ℃ . At 150 ℃, carbonation curing rate reached the highest. When the reaction pressure was increased from 1.0 MPa to 2.5 MPa, the mineral carbonation curing rate increased from 0.93% to 1.65%. With the decrease of particle size from 75 μm-150 μm down to 75 μm, the mineral carbonation curing rate increased from 1.18% to 1.48%. When the distilled water was replaced by simulated salt water as the reaction medium, carbonation curing rate increased from 0.38% to 1.65%. At 150 ℃, 2.5 MPa, reaction time 1 h, the particle size less than 75 μm, carbonation curing rate of gasification ash in simulated salt water medium was up to 1.65%.",1
"This text analyses the effect on temperature and pressure of gasifying agent quantity in a 3 m×16 m fluidized gasifier, taking high-ash powdered coal of Yima as raw material. It was found the effect on gasifier temperature of vapor or oxygen quantity can be illustrate by Y=1 353.835-0.079Xv or Y=727.120+0.097Xo, within error of 1%. Moreover, the effect on pressure and pressure drop of gasifying agent quantity is not evident, especially on pressure drop. This test can provide reference for aotumation control, operation and design in the gasifying pilot process for the powdered coal, especially for practical operation.",1
"The thermal analysis instrument (TG/DTA 6300) is used to study the characteristics of residual carbon after gasification of coal from Ningxia Shigouyi. The effects of heating rate, particle size and oxygen concentration on the combustion characteristics of residual carbon are investigated from three aspects, including ignition characteristics, burnout characteristics and stable combustion characteristics. Orthogonal experiments are conducted to study the coupling effect of heating rate, particle size and oxygen concentration on residual carbon of gasification. Experimental results show that increasing heating rate can improve the burnout characteristics of the residual carbon, and the decrease in particle size contributes to the ignition of the residual carbon. Increasing oxygen concentration plays an obvious role in improving the combustion characteristics of the residual carbon, while the improving effect will become weaker with the increase in oxygen concentration. The heating rate affects the ignition characteristics of the residual carbon most, while the oxygen concentration has the greatest influence on the characteristics of burnout and stable combustion of the residual carbon of gasification.",1
"An alternative process of syngas production for NH3 synthesis was proposed. Syngas is made of coal and coal mine gas(CMM)  by CO2 absorption enhanced gasification. Due to higher N2 content in CMM, it is possible to remove N2 supplement section or to replace air gasification by steam gasification. With the in situ absorption of CO2, the syngas compositions at gasifier outlet can meet the inlet contents criteria of syngas refinery section which should be φ（H2）/φ（N2） equals to 3 and φ（CO2+CO）less than 0.30%. In order to analyze the feasibility and operation conditions of the proposed process, syngas production reactor was simulated by thermodynamic model, from which the variation of syngas compositions with operation parameters were studied. Based on this work, it is able to determine the suitable operation parameters for gasifier operation and corresponding CMM flow rate. Considering the explosion limits variation of pressurized CMM, the feasible parameters for O2 removal reactor operation was calculated.  Analysis results show that it is feasible to produce syngas for NH3 synthesis by coal and CMM co-gasification with in situ CO2 capture. Moreover, it is advantage to simplify components adjustment section and syngas purification section.",1
"With NaOH as the supporting electrolyte, electrolysis of coal water slurry (CWS) were carried out with a constant current, so as to investigate the possibility of producing water soluber organic compounds (WSOCs) from electrolysis of (CWS). Effects of different factors on total organic carbon (TOC) content were examined, including time, temperature, anode materials and concentration of both NaOH and CWS. Within a basic electrolyte，the TOC content from electrolysis was larger than that of from soaking, and anode materials with electrocatalytic characteristics could increase the TOC content, such as Fe and Ni. The TOC content increased with time, temperature, while it decreased with increasing NaOH concentration. After electrolysis with a current density of 0.11 A/cm2 for 6 h, and at a temperature of 85 ℃, the TOC content was 1 717.2 mg/L. In addition, the TOC content from unit mass coal after electrolysis was increasing with the NaOH concentration firstly, and then decreased.",1
"This production practice on coking used 1/3 coking coals of Ningwu coalfield, Shanxi Province as the main raw materials. Nine blending schemes have been designed. The coals is loaded into 20 kg iron box ,and the coal blending test was conducted in 66 type coke oven carbonization chamber. Quality testing and analysis of the coke production show that Ningwu coalfield 1/3 coking coal is possible to product qualified metallurgical coke as the main raw material. The good proportion of the fat coal and lean coal can increase the amount of Ningwu coal, to achieve the purpose of reducing the amount of the precious main coking coal. In this experiment, qualified metallurgical coke have been producted without using main coking coal. The coke production were failed to achieve first-class metallurgical coke, which shows that main coking coal is required for prudcting first-class metallurgical coke.",1
"Four coal samples of different degree of metamorphism in Northern Shannxi were determined using slag-bonding tester. The impact of the air flow and ash fusion temperature on slag-bonding rate examined, the discriminant index of coal slag is analyzed and the tendency of four coal slag is concluded. Experimental results show that coal slag characteristics depend not only on the chemical composition, but also on the melting temperature of the coal ash as well as the external conditions at a certain extent.",1
"Based on the indices of ignition temperature, burnout in isothermal area and carbon and hydrogen in residual ash, catalytic effects of CuSO4 and K2CO3 on TF coal combustion were investigated with a temperature programmed method by a thermal-gravimetric analysis. On the other hand, the relationship of activation energy and catalytic effects was also discussed with a distributed activation energy model(DAEM). The results showed that with 2% CuSO4 and 2% K2CO3, the ignition temperature of TF coal was lowered by 44.3 ℃ and 31.1 ℃ respectively; when the final burnout increased from 92.19% to 94.75% and 96.13%, the carbon in residual ash decreased from 6.91% to 3.37% and 2.39% respectively. The distributed activation energy of TF coal combustion showed different on the three stages of conversion: <15%, 20%-85% and >90%. The effect of CuSO4 and K2CO3 on energy change during the conversion of 20%-85% was: K2CO3 could lower the energy obviously, and E of TF coal with CuSO4 showed a fluctuation change.",1
"For solving the problems of unsteady combusation of pre-ignition burner applying for the firing of low-volatile anthracite and serious coking at burner outlet，the flow field distribution in the burner and at outlet are simulated, and pulverized coal particle trajectory in the burner is also simulated, the main factors of affecting the characteristics of recirculation region are found, and the optimization models of the burner are available.",1
"In the system of pulverized-coal industrial boiler, Venturi pulverized-coal mixer have problems include positive pressure in breathing cap, low speed wind and pulverized-coal feeding instability. Including velocity field, pressure field, particle trajectory and coal powder concentration it is simulated and analyzed Venturi pulverized-coal mixer by CFD software FLUENT in different working conditions. And the results compared with the experimental data. The results show that these problems are caused by downstream resistance, fan operating point deviation, Venturi negative pressure deviation and so on.",1
"Taking a 600 MW coal-fired boiler in a power plant serving as the object of study, three dimensional structure of the furnace has been established and a mesh being produced through Gambit software. A reasonable mathematic model has been chosen from FLUENT software and the combustion in furnace being numerically simulated under condition of burning coals with different quality. In O2/CO2 atmosphere, CO2 has a higher specific heat capacity that heat storage capacity of the furnace flue gas and ignition heat increase, furnace overall temperature drops and the flame center moves. As the oxygen concentration increased, the combustion of pulverized coal have been strengthened, the furnace temperature and the temperature inside the zone change, the flame center gradually moves down, which is in favor of the pulverized coal ignition and combustion.",1
"With three kinds of different atoms chlorinated aromatic compounds in the presence of p-toluene sulfonic acid, coal tar pitch has been modified successfully. The properties of the modified coal-tar pitch (MCTP) were observed by Fourier transform infra-red spectroscopy and thermo gravimetric analyzer (TG) respectively. Polarized microscope was employed to study its mesophase structure of the MCTP; and the crystallinity of the needle coke obtained through MCTP was investigated by X-ray diffractometer (XRD). The results show that the carbonization yield of MCTP1 produced by 1-chloro-3-nitrobenzene as a modified agent is the highest among the selected modified agents, which arrive at 50.1%. And the optical structure of its mesophase emerges a typical long fibrous organization. For the needle coke from MCTP1, the results of XRD showed that the 002 peak moves to higher angle and becomes sharper, and Lc increases significantly comparing to the coke from MCTP, which was not modified. It indicates that the degree of graphitization has been enhanced greatly after modification.",1
"A lignite and a coal tar is hydrogenated to oil in autoclave respectively. The liquid in autoclave is extracted by hexane. Phenolic compounds in extract are enriched by alkali extraction and analyzed by GC/MS. The results show that 24 phenolic compounds are identified in lignite liquefaction oil and 21 phenolic compounds in coal tar hydrogenation oil. Phenolic compounds in coal-derived oil are phenols, indanols and naphthalenols among which high rank phenols have the most amount. Most phenolic compounds of coal-derived oil are alkyl substituted with side chain’s diversity and complication of 3 or over 3 carbons.",0
"The toluene was used as solvent to dissolve crude anthracene.The methods of sovlent extraction,azeotropic and recrystallization were used to prepare refined anthracene.The methods of distillation and recrystallization were used to prepare refined phenanthrene.The methods of mixed solvent and recrystallization were used to prepare refined carbazole. The effect of solvent quality, water-bath temperature and azeotropic temperature on the product purity were ivestigated and the best solvent quality, water-bath temperature and azeotropic temperature were determined, in this condition the purity of anthracene,carbazole and phenanthrene from separation could reached 97.882%,91.722% and 75.704%.The structure of production and standard were characterized by infrared spectra and the result was compared and analyzed.The content of anthracene,carbazole and phenanthrene in the product were analyzed by gas chromatography.",1
"By the application of Aspen Plus simulation software, the product separation process of BRICC coal tar hydrocracking with heterogeneous suspending-bed reactor which the scale is 200 000 t/a was studied. According to the analysis of the simulation results, more light oil component was lost in separation process of high pressure separator at low temperature. In order to reduce the loss of light oil, we used atmospheric distillation medium oil as wash oil to wash and recover the gas phase component of high pressure separator at low temperature in this work. The simulation results show the minimum quantity of medium oil consumption to satisfy the recovery is 3 500 kg/h. And after oil washing, the loss of the most light component 332 K has reduced to 5.31% from 26.98%.The effect of recovery is obvious. The simulation results have important guiding significance to industrial design of BRICC coal tar hydrocracking with heteroge-neous suspending-bed.",0
"The coal-based activated carbon was prepared with KOH activation method. Effect of processing factors on Cu(Ⅱ) adsorption capacity has been researched, in which included ratio of alkali to carbon, activation temperature, activation time, ash content, sulfur content and surfactant. As activation time was 1.5 h and ratio of alkali to carbon was 2.5, the BET surface area of the prepared activated carbon at 820 ℃ was 1 004.5 m2/g, and removal ratio of Cu(Ⅱ) was 67.8%. Deashing from coal and adding surfactant were benefit to increasing the adsorption capacity of the activated carbon, but desulfurization from coal was not.",1
"Jincheng anthracite as raw material was mixed with KOH activating agent. Activation of its power, the activation time and the alkalinity of process conditions was disscussed through the iodine adsorption value and methylene blue adsorption by orthogonal tests.By using scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and BET surface area and other means of detection, the activated carbon prepared under the optimum conditions of the KOH were characterized. The results show that: the optimum conditions of preparation of Jincheng anthracite by KOH in microwave is the activation power 480 W, the activation time 7.5 min, alkalinity 4∶1. And the activated carbon prepared under this condition has the best absorbing effect: the iodine adsorption value 989.4 mg/g, specific surface area 1 057.2 m2/g. The effect of process conditions on activated carbon decreased as following: power, activation time, alkalinity.",1
"Thermogravity analysis technique was used to study the course of thermal oxidizing decomposition from 30 ℃ to 900 ℃ for the activated carbon. The result suggested that the fast pyroysis process including the oxidizing decomposition of activated carbon can be described as a first-order chemistry reaction and Coats-Redfern method, thus activation energy can be got. The spontaneous combustion experiment of proved the activated carbon which has lower activation energy would be easy to spontaneous combustion. So spontaneous combustion tendency of activated carbon is divided by using activation energy index.",1
"The ash content in activated carbon had important effect on the specific surface area and pore structure of activated carbon, and the adsorption performance of activated carbon is obvious. Activated carbon was made by the biomass type coal, and the deashing method and the type of acid were studied on the adsorption performance of activated carbon, and the adsorption effect of activated carbon was analyzed through the iodine adsorption. The results show that the deforming effect of type coal is better for cow dung and coal, but the ash content is high very much; so the adsorption performance of activated carbon is decline ;the deashing had important effect on the adsorption performance of activated carbon, and the effect was different for the different ways and acid type.",1
"Blending high concentration clay and additives in the honeycomb SCR catalyst molding process can reduce the dosage of active component and thus decrease the SCR catalyst cost. The effects of different clay and additives on the physical properties of honeycomb catalyst were detected and the ratios of additives were optimized. The catalytic de-NOx performance of the resulting honeycomb catalyst was tested with respect to different blending ratios of catalyst, while the honeycomb catalyst itself was also characterized with XRD and BET. The results showed that the clay-blended honeycomb SCR catalyst exhibited good strength and de-NOx activity at temperatures of 250 to 450 ℃. The realized NO removal reached above 89% for the honeycomb blending 70% clay and 2% V2O5-5% WO3/TiO2 under conditions of the ratio of NH3 to NO is 0.8 and GHSV=4 050 h-1.",1
"This paper investigated the temperature rising characteristic of Inner Mongolia lignite(IML) and its pyrolyzed char and the coal-char mixture(CCM) during microwave heating, the production distributions of CCM during microwave and conventional pyrolysis at the temperature of 350 ℃-750 ℃ were also studied. The results shows that IML is a poor microwave absorbent and need to mix with its pyrolyzed char, so that it can be decomposed in microwave field; with the added amount increasing of the char, the heating rate of CCM during microwave pyrolysis is increased, the tar and gas yield are increased also, while char yield is readuced; compared with conventional pyrolysis at similar conditions, microwave pyrolysis produces less char, tar and water, but more gas; and microwave pyrolysis has higher H2 and CO yield than that of conventional pyrolysis evidently.",0
"Different lignite chars which have different pyrolysis time were produced under 1 523 K in a high-temperature sedimentation furnace, the characteristics of specific surface area, pore volume and pore diameter of pulverized coals and chars of different pyrolysis time were determined with American Autoscan33 mercury porosimeter based on the pressure scan results. Being different with IUIPAC methods, pores were divided into micropores and macropores in this paper according to variation of specific surface area. The specific surface area and pore size distribution test results about different chars showed similar characteristics. The specific surface area and pore volume presented behavior of first increasing, then decreasing and increasing with the pyrolysis time passing; the specific surface area of macropores was increasing, while average pore diameter of macropores was decreasing. This indicates that the pyrolysis process reduces the complexity of part of micropores, and turns them into macropores, which facilitates subsequent combustion and gasification.",1
"Being prepared the catalyst by a method of dipping, the effect of KNO3, DF, DY and DN catalyst on the characteristics of low-quality coal combustion was investigated by thermo-gravimetric analysis. The results showed that the low-quality coal has a different combustion characteristics with different components and additve aomount of catalyst. The new catalyst(FKYN) compound of KNO3, DF, DY, DN and sodium dodecyl benzene sulfonate with a certain ratio decreases the ignition point by 12.3 ℃, the maximum weight loss temperature point by 8 ℃, burn-out point by 13.1 ℃. And it decreases carbon content notablely in coal ash. The dispersion of catalyst have a notable effect on combustion supporting. Adding 5% pulverized coal to be a dispersant, the catalytic effect will be perfect.",1
"On the basis of the research on the existence form of sodium in coal, a method for sodium removal from Zhundong coal using a washing solution has been presented in the paper. The effects of temperature, pressure, coal particle size and washing solution amount on the sodium removal from Zhundong coal with the particle size of 3 mm-6 mm and poor pores was investigated. The experimental results show that the temperature employed is the main influencing factor for sodium removal and washing solution amount, the washing time, pressure and coal particle size has little influence on the results. After treatment with the right processing conditions, the upgraded Zhundong coal with the sodium content below 2% (based on ash yield) is obtained and the sodium removal efficiency is higher than 70%.",1
"Hydrogen, methane and other combustible gases would be obtained during the lignite gasification experiments in the conditions of supercritical water using its oxidative activity. The results had a high value since the residual waste was mixed liquor of water and coal cinders which could be disposed easily without environmental pollution. Control variable method was applied to set the conditions in the experimental process. The influencing factors and laws of lignite gasification in the conditions of supercritical water could be drawn through repeated experiments. The experimental results show that lignite can be more likely to turn into combustible gases under supercritical condition than under subcritical condition. In the state of supercritical water, the highest conversion rate of lignite can be acquired with the use of KOH as catalyst，which value is 79.6%. The values of conversion rate with the use of KBH4 and K2CO3 as catalysts are 62.3% and 61.9% respectively. The results also show that the smaller of the particle size of lignite is more conducive to the conversion of lignite into combustible gases such as hydrogen and methane.",1
"For the production of CH4, supercritical water gasification of lignite was investigated in a high temperature and pressure batch autoclave. The influences of four basic catalysts (KOH, K2CO3, Na2CO3 and Ca(OH)2) and four metal chloride catalysts (ZnCl2, FeCl3, CuCl2 and AlCl3) were discussed. The reaction condition was 550 ℃, 25 MPa, 10∶1 mass ratio of H2O to lignite, 20% mass ratio of KOH to lignite, 20 min residence time. The results show that the effect of catalysts on yield of CH4 from high to low order is KOH>K2CO3>ZnCl2>Na2CO3>AlCl3>Ca(OH)2>no catalyst>FeCl3>CuCl2. It was found that ZnCl2 can promote the yield of CH4, which can be  explained that intermediate products can be degraded to acid by ZnCl2 which is good for acid catalyzed reaction and can promote the gasification reaction better. Compared with no catalyst addition, the addition of FeCl3 and CuCl2 turns to lower yield of CH4. And catalytic efficiency of KOH is the highest. Yield of CH4 is 110.2 mL/(g daf coal) which is almost double to that of no catalyst addition when KOH was added. The main mechanism is the free radical reaction and promoting of basic metal to the water-gas shift reaction in supercritical water.",1
"The composition and property of coal direct liquefied aviation kerosene distil-late were studied in this paper. The test results showed that some of the physical and chemical properties were not fit for No.3 jet fuel specification.Such as high-density, low-calorific value, high-acid value, high-sulfur/nitrogen content and high-aromatics content .On the other side, it’s excellent in some performace such as high-flash point, low-freezing point and rich naphthenic hydrocarbon. Coal direct liquefied aviation kerosene distillate would be used for qualified high-density jet fuel through hydrofining method.We found that phenol oil in the coal direct liquefied aviation kerosene distillate accounted for about 26%. Low phenol oil contented of about 72% in the total amount of phenol oil.",1
"The principle properties, composition, and carbon solution reaction kinetics of tar residue were analyzed in this paper. Coke making was carried out by employing coal blends tar residue. The changes of micro-crystals of cokes have been investigated by employing Scherrer’s equation. Effect of tar residue introduction on micro-pore and carbon solution kinetics of coke were also studied. The results revealed that the addition of tar residue  facilitated the growth of micro-crystals in coke and the increases of crystal parameter La, Lc and graphite degree g. The pore structure of cokes was measured by nitrogen adsorption. It was found that the micro-pore volume and average pore diameter decreased, specific surface area increased after tar residue being added to coal blends. For carbon solution reaction, no obvious changes were found.",1
"The influence of different particle sizes of lean coal, meager lean coal and anthracite on the quality of coke was studied based on the coal resource of Han’gang Coking Factory. The porosity and SEM were used to analyze the influence of pore structure on the thermal properties of the as-prepared coke. The influence of the particle sizes of high metamorphic grade coal on the quality of coke was analyzed from the mechanism. Based on the coal blending experiment with different particle size of lean coal, the result shows that: when the lean coal particle size <0.2 mm, the M40 of the coke was improved by 3% and the CSR was improved by 7%. When 5% of the lean coal was substituted for anthracite, the thermal properties of the coke was not affected so much and the CSR was improved than the blank experiment with the varied particle sizes of anthracite. Besides, the M40 of the coke was improved by 3% when the anthracite particle size <0.2 mm. When 5% lean coal was substituted for meager lean coal and the particle size of the meager lean coal <3 mm, the property of the coke was deteriorative. However, the quality of coke was maintained and the CSR can be improved by 5% when the particle size of meager lean coal <1 mm.",1
"In order to research on the sulfur forms transformation of high-sulfur content coking coal during pyrolysis, char of a Shanxi fat coal(YX), a Shanxi coking coal(JX) and a New Zealand 1/3 coking coal (NXL) were prepared under simulation of industrial coking conditions in horizontal tube furnace during  300 ℃-1000 ℃. The change of sulfur forms content and crystal structure transformation of pyrite were investigated by wet chemical method and XRD, respectively. The results show that the total sulfur content decreases with pyrolysis temperature increases, and with the increase of metamorphic grade, the temperature of maximum desulfuration shifts to high temperature. Sulfate sulfur content in NXL and JX coal does not change significantly with temperature except for the YX. Pyrite in three kinds of coal are first decomposed into pyrrhotite, with the temperature rise further, pyrite decomposed into troilite completely, and change of the content of organic sulfur in coal is not regulated.",0
"The self-emulsification of low temperature coal tar was examined by considering asphaltene and colloid contents inside the tar. Experiments for dewatering low temperature coal tar was conducted by employing the following methods sequentially: heating, adding demulsifiers, stirring, ultrasonic treating, and centrifuging. The dewatering efficiency of each method was carefully optimized and analyzed. The results indicate that the final dehydration rate of coal tar could reach 51.3% at the optimal conditions :holding at 80 ℃ for 30 min, adding the demulsifier DH 300×10-6, stirring at 100 r/min for 5 min, treating with ultrasound at 0.4 W/cm2 for 1 min and then centrifuging at 5 000 r/min for 10 min.",0
"The composition and distribution of phenolic compounds in low temperature coal tar from Northern Shaanxi were investigated, nine fractions were isolated from L-tar by distillation in <100 ℃, 100 ℃-170 ℃, 170 ℃-200 ℃, 200 ℃-240 ℃, 240 ℃-270 ℃, 270 ℃-300 ℃, 300 ℃-340 ℃, 340 ℃-390 ℃ and ＞390 ℃ respectively. Their compositions and distributions were characterized by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS). The results show that phenols decrease with temperature rising. Phenols mainly enriched in fractions of 100 ℃-200 ℃, 200 ℃-240 ℃ and 240 ℃-270 ℃, which contributed respectively 50.5%, 44.3% and 29.1% of their fractions in quality. The main phenolic compounds in L-tar were low-rank phenols, C3-C4 alkyl-phenols, indenols, hydroquinones, naphthols and alkyl-naphthols.",0
"In this paper, we report a new way to prepare graphene from anthracite through high-temperature heat treatment technology and oxidation reduction method. The results show that the pure superfine graphite powder can be obtained from anthracite with nickel sulfate, ferric oxide and boric acid as catalyst respectively. And then, we prepared the graphene through the redox with the pure superfine graphite powder as the precursor. This work not only extends the raw material source of graphene preparation, but also provides a high additional value utilization approach of anthracite.",1
"Desulfurization of high-sulphur coal with H2O2-CH3COOH solutions was studied. The results showed that H2O2-CH3COOH solution could remove organic sulfur and pyrite sulfur effectively from coal. Based on the experiments, the optimum desulfurization conditions was the initial concentration of H2O2 solution of 10%, n(H2O2)∶n(CH3COOH) of 10, room temperature, reaction time of 60 min, solid-liquid ratio of 3∶1, stirring rate of 300 r/min. Under these conditions, removal rate of pyrite sulfur and organic sulfur in coal could both reach more than 65%. According to further desulfurization mechanism analysis on H2O2-CH3COOH solution system, the results indicated that H2O2 has powerful oxidation by adding CH3COOH. Under the catalytic action of CH3COOH, H2O2 and CH3COOH could react to generate more hydroxyl free base (·OH) and perhydroxyl radical (· OOH) with high electronegativity or electron affinity, which could improve desulfurization reactions and removal more pyrite sulfur or organic sulfur from coal.",1
"Humic acid as basic raw materials, the subjected to sulfomethylation and condensation polymerization reaction, synthesis of a humic acid based dispersant has a good water solubility and higher molecular weight of the new. Change of the amount of sodium sulfite and formaldehyde synthesis of the dispersant process optimization, to determine the optimum amount of 22% and 40%. Using IR, TG and GPC other analytical methods to structural characterization. It was obtained when CWS the concentration of 63% and 0.6% of the amount of dispersant for CWS total weight(dry basis coal)analysis according to the added amount of the dispersing agent on the viscosity and stability of the coal water slurry having the lowest apparent viscosity 588 mPa·s.",1
"In this work, by method of element analysis, Fourier infrared spectrum and 13C CP/MAS NMR, characterizing the molecular structure of brown humic acid (ZFS) and black humic acid (HFS) which extracted from weathered coal. The result showed that aromatic nucleus of ZFS and HFS is mainly composed of aromatic ring structure. HFS aromatic carbon content is two times of ZFS, and aromatization degree of HFS is higher than ZFS. There is some aliphatic side chain existed around the aromatic ring. About half of the carbon atom in aromatic ring of ZFS is replaced by substituent of aliphatic side chain, which mainly consists of linear alkyls. In the long alkyl aliphatic side chain, there are some oxygen atoms which existed in the form of methoxyl or ether. In addition, ZFS aliphatic carbon content is obviously higher than that of HFS. On the other hand, HFS aliphatic carbons may constitute rings containing oxygen or nitrogen atoms. About a third of carbon in aromatic nucleus was replaced. There are also small amounts of phenol hydroxyl or methoxyl groups existed on the rings. To sum up，content of Oxygen-containing functional groups in ZFS is 2 times of HFS and there are some of carboxyl groups existed on the aromatic ring in both kinds of humic acids. Moreover, content of carboxyl group of ZFS is four times of HFS.",1
"This paper takes coal gangue, talcum powder and aluminum oxide as raw materials, according to the theory composition of cordierite to burden, in 1 150 ℃-1 220 ℃ sintering about 2 h-4 h, we synthesize cordierite. Orthogonal analysis shows that, to sample volume shrinkage, the biggest factor is the sintering temperature; SEM shows that the product particle morphology is irregular; XRD analysis finds that impurity existence can significantly reduce the sintering temperature, but at the same time will leads to more produce of impurity phase, so we must pay special attention to the control of the content impurities in raw material. Synthetic cordierite optimal conditions is that sintering temperature is 1 220 ℃, holding time 4 h, abrasive particle size 45 μm.",1
"Water system integration optimization technology theories develop rapidly in recent years. A case study for water system design of a certain coal to methanol factory is undertaken with step analysis method(SAM) by combining water pinch technology with practical condition. Results show that the factory could save fresh water 54 t/h and reduce wastewater discharge 54 t/h without equipment addition.If add reverse osmosis equipment to regenerate concentrate, the factory could reduce fresh water consumption and wastewater discharge 159 t/h respectively. This method particularly applies to retrofit the existing process water network.",1
"Gasification reactivity has to be considered when all kinds of gasification technology select raw materials. It is useful for reasonable utilization of coal, selection of gasification technology and optimization of production process to evaluate gasification reactivity. The methods of measurement and characterization of coal (char) gasification reactivity was introduced in this paper. The advantages, disadvantages and application suitability of these characterization methods were discussed and compared. Combined with status and development of coal gasification technology, the ways to improving the evaluation method of coal/coke gasification activity was put forward.",1
"Two major challenges in today’s energy industry are: increasing the total amount of available energy resources and securing a sustainable future through energy saving and recycling. In order to potentially address these two problems through a single pathway, a new approach which converts coal and induced carbon dioxide into methane by utilizing methanogens originating in coal, is proposed. The approach is evaluated based upon an analysis and comparison of current methods of enhanced coalbed methane recovery (ECBM) including: water injection, CO2-ECBM, hydrofracturing and microbial conversion. A mechanistic study shows that the methanogens are able to generate methane from carbon dioxide and hydrogen during the process of microbial coal decomposition, while induced carbon dioxide may initiate methanogenesis at an early stage and accelerate this process. The feasibility of the approach in-field is further supported by a theoretical analysis of the following: the impact of carbon dioxide on methanogens, the source of the hydrogen, and the sequence of bioactivation and carbon dioxide injection.",1
,1
"Taking Nantaizi coal of Xinjiang Yili as the research object, the experiment systematically studied the distributions of the products in the catalytic hydropyrolysis process, which is carried out in a fixed bed reactor, under atmospheric pressure and 500 ℃-700 ℃.The catalyst and promoter of the process are Fe2O3 and sulfur respectively.It shows that the addition of Fe2O3 could make tar yield increases about 2%,char yield decreases about 4%,water yield increases about 4% at the most.And the gas yield reduced slightly.The addition of sulfur is in favor of the generation of Fe1-xS,so it can accelerate the catalytic hydrogenation pyrolysis process.",0
"CoMoP/13X catalyst was prepared by incipient wetness impregnation method. The effect of CoMoP/13X catalyst on the pyrolysis characteristics and gas evolution of HTM coal was investigated by TG-FTIR technique. The kinetic parameters of the thermal decomposition reactions were calculated based on TG experiment. TGA results indicate that the second peak temperature of HTM coal pyrolysis was decrease by 27.67 ℃ over CoMoP/13X catalyst under hydrogen atmosphere, and the calculated activation energy of second pyrolysis stage (660 ℃-710 ℃) was decrease by 7.9 kJ/mol, indicating superior catalytic effects of CoMoP/13X on HTM coal pyrolysis under hydrogen atmosphere. FTIR analysis results show that the CoMoP/13X greatly varied distribution of pyrolysis products,in which CH4,CO,aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbon increase with different extent, while the CO2 yield decrease remarkably.",0
"The influence of adding H2O was investigated during co-pyrolysis of rice husk and lignite. Adding H2O into the co-pyrolysis raw material, then the samples were pyrolysised with different content of H2O.The variation trendy of gas yield and gas content were detected through gas chromatogram. And the effect of H2O content on solid residence products was also analyzed. The result showed that the gas yield increased as the content of adding H2O. The gas yield increased most when the adding ratio of H2O was 60%. In addition, the ratio of gas product H2/CO increased with the adding H2O increased, while CO2 did not change a lot. The convention of solid residence products almost kept the same under different adding H2O content. However, the surface functional groups of solid products had a marked change since the adding ratio of H2O was 60%, which consistent with the change regularity of gas yield.",0
"Pyrolysis characteristics of soft coal,papermaking sludge and both of the two mixed ligand complexes have been researched with TGA/DSCI/1600HT type synchronous thermal analyzer in nitrogen atmosphere.The results show that the comprehensive release feature index of volatile（D reducation time） of two mixed ligand complexes of papermaking sludge and soft coal is higher than soft coal;as a result of the papermaking sludge being added,pyrolysis reaction of two mixed ligand complexes is more easily than soft coal,and obviously the character of its volatilize being released is also better than single soft coal.",1
"Recycling and harmless handling can be achieved by co-pyrolysis of coal and plastic. In this paper, we study on co-pyrolysis of different proportion of Sunjiacha coal and plastic under microwave heating conditions. The result indicates that with the increasing of proportion of plastic, char yield gradually reduced, the yields of tar markedly improved. When the proportion of plastic is 10%,the content of char yield goes up to 17%,at the same time the content of H2, CO and CH4 increased obviously in coal gas，the content of H2 is up to 44.21% and the content of CO and CH4 up to 18.75% and 21.97%. Therefore, the addition of plastic is not only benefit to improve the recovery of tar and optimize the component of pyrolysis gas，but have an great effect on the further comprehensive utilization of gas.",0
"On the basis of the analysis for the active species character and the reaction parameter in the process of the plasma jet aid coal gasification, the experiments for confirming active species action has been designed in this paper. Through quantum chemistry calculation, it is found that the water molecule structure was changed observably by direct action between the active ingredients: singlet oxygen, O+2etc and oxygen atom in the water molecule in the coal gasification, and these actions was favorable to form free radical OH·, which react with the carbon in the coal by the broken O—H bond. Likely reaction channel induced by the active ingredients has been posed according to the regression equations on oxygen contents in the working gas to the volume fractions of the staple: H2, CO and CO2 in the experiment.",1
"In the test gasification of lignite semi-coke was investigated by using pure oxygen and steam. Results showed that CO and H2 content of gas, calorific value and yield of syngas increase with increasing gasification temperature.CO2 and CH4 content of gas reduce with increasing gasification temperature. At the same gasification temperature, with rise of pure oxygen flow, CO and H2 content of gas increase first and then reduce. CO2 content of gas increases and CH4 content of gas reduces. The calorific value and yield of syngas have a maximum value.",1
"Reaction H2S absorption solution and pentavalent vanadium, tannic extract with oxidization state (Teos) was investgated using cyclic voltammetry method. The results show that H2S is absorbed to produce bisulfide ion HS- and polysufide ion S2-x, then these sufur-containing substances will be oxidized by pentavalent vanadium and Teos. The reaction can be divided into initial rapid reaction stage and slow reaction stage. For different reactions, reaction rate of sufur-containing substance and pentavalent vanadium is faster than that of sufur-containing substance and Teos. Additionally, Teos contributes to the formation of S2-6, and pentavalent vanadium can promote to the transformation from sulfur containing substance to elemental sulfur.",1
"The liquefactions of Huolinhe 14 coal, the Bulianta 2-2 coal and the Xinjiang 41 coal show that the conversion yield and oil yield of Huolinhe 14 coal is highest, the Bulianta 2-2 coal’s is lowest. The FTIR result shows that the conversion yield and oil yield results in the aroma hydrogen and the aliphatic hydrogen in coal, the CO2, CO in gas production and the water yield lies on the oxygen-containing groups and the hydroxyl groups． Besides, the coal molecule structures of the three coals are appropriate by comparing with experimental data.",0
"Based on the theory of Andreason and compressible packing model, the calculations of modifying and packing density of the coal particles have been carried out ,and the calculation results have been also verified by experiments. Meanwhile，the influences of the size range and adding volume on packing density has been discussed. The result indicated that the particle size distribution can be optimized by modifying, and it is close to the one of close packing; the packing density of coal particles are well predicted with compressible packing model and it is increased by 5.977% after modifying; under the condition of close packing, the large size range is helpful for improving the packing density of the system; with the increasing of modifying material, the packing density is also increasing and it is close to the packing density under close packing; just adding power,the packing efficiency is relevant with partile size composition of raw materials.",1
"Based on the character of high ash and large amount of moisture in the coal slime, and hard to handle of the actual situation of black liquor for paper making which contains abundant organism, it is an useful attempt by using dry method to make water coal mixture both as the raw material. The water coal mixture is made from powdered coal of different particle size which abrading the dry nubby coal slime and black liquor for paper making by a certain percentage in order to research the indicator of comprehensive performance. When the add content of black liquid is 7.2％ and the particle size of powdered coal is less than 160 mesh, the concentration of water coal mixture is 67.44％, liquidity will be A grade and the stability will retain almost 20 d in good condition. The experiment results indicate that the pH value of waste almost has no effect on the slurry-ability of water coal slime if the pH value of black liquid is changed to research the prepared of water coal slime. Due to the black liquid of paper making contains large amount of organic matter, therefore, it can also improve the combustion heat value of water coal slime under the same conditions. The constantvolume high heat of the prepared water coal slime is 21.63 MJ/kg, low heat is 15 MJ/kg, which is measured by GB 213-87.",1
"A new coking technology for anthracite and additives was studied by using Magang coking raw materials. The coking experiment results of anthracite instead of part coking coal show that, the reactivity index of coke coked at 14% anthracite is low than the reactivity index of coke coked at 9% in the condition of binders PRT and CMC respectively 0.5%, and the post-reaction strength of coke coked at 14% anthracite is high than the post-reaction strength of coke coked at 9%, and these two indexes approach to benchmark coke. Furthermore, the coking experiment results of changing additive adding amount at 14% anthracite show that, the cokes coked at 3-2，3-3 and 3-5 coal blending ratio possessed  better falling intensity and drum strength, low reactivity index of coke and high post-reaction strength of coke, and approach to benchmark coke 3-1 coked in the condition of absence of anthracite.",1
"In order to study the effects of O2 on coal char structure and gasification beha-viour, Jincheng coal char was first partially oxidized in a fixed-bed reactor, and then its physicochemical characteristics were studied via scanning electron microscopy(SEM), X-ray diffraction(XRD), and N2/CO2 adsorption. In addition, char gasification behaviour was characterized using a thermobalance. Low temperature oxidation can significantly improve char pore structure, increasing char specific surface area while decreasing the degree of char graphitization. Besides, oxidation can notably promote char gasification reactivity, and char reactivity increased with increasing char burnout. However, with the increase of oxidation temperature(>600 ℃), the controlling step of char oxidation process changed from chemical reactions to O2 external diffusion resulting O2 consumption mainly on the external surface. As a result, high temperature oxidation has little influence on char structure and gasification behaviour.",1
"With the method of constant volume heating, experiment of dibenzofuran, diphenylenemethane, acenaphthene extracted by supercritical ethanol was conducted. The characteristics of extracted products obtained from the supercritical ethanolysis experiment were analyzed through GC, and the supercritical solubility and the supercritical exhaust percent were calculated. The results show that dibenzofuran and diphenylenemethane have the maximum supercritical solubility under the conditions of temperature at 255 ℃, pressure at 7.0 MPa and the maximum supercritical exhaust percent under the conditions of temperature at 265 ℃, pressure at 11.0 MPa. And there is not significant regularity of acenaphthene in supercritical ethanol. There is significant discrepance in supercritical extracted gas absorber oil. The solvent is recyclable after experiment of extraction.",1
"A kind of briquette was prepared with the semi-coke breeze as raw material by cold-pressed process. It was studied that the binder, particle size of raw material, moisture on the impact of briquette properties. The result shows that the prepared briquette with organic binder has the largest compressive strength and the larger calorific value, but lower thermal stability; quite the contrary, the prepared briquette with inorganic binder of the least compressive strength, the less calorific value, but higher thermal stability; composite binder can use each other, it can play the best results.",1
"The influence of bentonite content, moisture content and granularity of fine coal on the compressive strength by the binder of bentonite was studied.The results showed that the compressive strength of briqutte and ash content were proportionate to bentonite content. A liner formula was gained. Content of bentonite can be determined according to demand of process. And the ash content of the product can be calculated by the formula. When moisture content was in the range of 14%-16%, compacting pressure was 40 kN and the bentonite content was 7%, briqutte with compressive strength of 1 420 N/ball and ash content of 11.7% was synthesized.",1
"Blinder was put into blue-coke powder and mixed uniformity, then modeled. The formed activated carbon based on blue-coke was produced after carbonization and activation. Carbonized behavior of the material was studied by TG-DTG during the pyrogenation process. The yield, compressive strength and iodine adsorption value of formed activated carbon which were prepared at different carbonization temperature. The pore structure and surface chemical properties of activated carbon which were prepared at 450 ℃ carbonization temperature were characterized by N2 adsorption and infrared spectrum respectively. It is found that the yield and compressive strength of products are reduced along with the rising of the carbonization temperature, while the iodine adsorption value is increased. There are a large number of hydroxyl, carbonyl, hydroxyacid and other active groups on the surface of products prepared under this experimental condition: 450 ℃ and 800 ℃ were selected to be carbonization and activation temperature and activated for 60 min using water vapor. And it is mesopores activated carbon.",1
"C/C composites have broad application prospects in some particular fields. To prepare C/C composites with hot-pressing mold, thermoplastic mesophase pitches used as binders, kneading with short carbon fibers were moulded from RT to 650 ℃. Then after process of carbonization(1 000 ℃) and graphitization(2 700 ℃), C/C composites with thermal conductivity were prepared. The experiment showed that the extrusion structure of carbon precursor changed with structure of cavity in the mould, which made matrix carbon in the axial direction growing orderly and short carbon fibers(SCFs) for the heat transmission medium arranging orderly in the matrix carbon. After observed through polarizing microscope and scanning electron microscope(SEM), the mesophase pitch liquid crystal moleculars presented fibrous long-range order structure both in two-dimension directions. In addition, SCFs were distributed parallel to the hot-pressing direction. When the ratio of tube cavity was 3∶1, thermal conductivity of C/C composites in axial direction increased from 86.2 W/(m·K) to 115.5 W/(m·K) and the anisotropy ratio of thermal conductivity decreased from 1.6 to 1.2 C/C. Composites obtained from this method had obvious two-dimensional orientation structure, which made the coefficient of thermal conductivity in two-dimension direction balanced.",1
"At present the experimental study on carbon dioxide dry capture is mainly given priority to with mechanism, in industrialized device research has not seen the report. With supported solid carbonate as the adsorbent, the experimental study on carbon dioxide capture from flue gas is carried out with fluidized bed adsorption reactor. Experiment measured the effect on the adsorption of different adsorbent, temperature, reaction time, and adsorbent regeneration performance test. The results showed that the adsorbent is the solid sodium carbonate, in the range of 65 ℃-85 ℃. Moreover, absorption time is about 4 min-10 min. In this case, the removal rate of carbon dioxide can reach 97.5%, and adsorbent can reach steady state after 10 times regeneration, so adsorbent can use long-term.",1
"The Ni/Al2O3 catalyst coated in the inner wall of micro-channel prepared by precipitation method was employed to conduct experiments of methane-wet air catalytic reforming. The influence of catalytic temperature, air/CH4 mole rate of the raw gases and the CH4 volume flow rate on CH4 conversion were investigated and compared by the simulation results. The experiment results show that CH4 conversion was increasing by the catalytic temperature increased, and also increased by increasing the air/CH4 mole rate; but with the increase of CH4 volume flow rate of the reaction gases, CH4 conversion increased first and then decreased. When the temperature was 1 023 K, CH4 volume flow rate was 20 mL/min, CH4 conversion got a maximum value 61.3%.",1
"The characteristics of microwave heating are selectivity, penetrability, fast heating rate, easy to control, safety and no pollution. The application of microwave technology in from drying coal, grindability, desulfurization and pyrolysis is reviewed and its application prospect in the field of coal conversion processing is predicted.",0
"This article described the development of research in this field, analyzed the mechanism of the reaction, and discussed the possibility of applying coal ashes as a tool to reduce carbon dioxide emission in China through analysis and calculation using the data from the coal mines in Ordos of Inner Mongolian and Datong of Shanxi Province. That the total amount of calcium oxide and magnesium oxide, both of which are the active constituents in coal ashes to react with carbon dioxide, is very low in the coal ashes, and as a result, the effect of coal ashes in “absorbing” carbon dioxide is quite limited. Therefore, the coal ashes can not serve as an efficient carbon dioxide absorbent that leads to dramatic reduction of carbon dioxide. However, the reaction with carbon dioxide could effectively turn coal ashes into key intergradient of some important industrial products, such as sulfide absorbents and cements, to serve in the purpose of waste recycling.",1
"By using literature metrology method, the author carries out quantitative analysis of fund paper in 2010 published in COAL CONVERSION and JOURNAL OF FUEL CHEMISTRY AND TECHNOLOGY from the following aspects: number of fund paper, organizations and geographical distribution of writers, the fund types and cooperation between the author. To reveal  the present situation of energy and chemical and to provide a reference for future work.",1
"In order to study the rule of free radical changes, free radicals in coal at differ-rent temperatures (350 ℃-600 ℃), different holding times(0 min-30 min) were measured by using EPR. The results show that the EPR method is rapid and direct; the determination of free radical concentration in coal based on standard curve method is more accurate; the radical change rule of coals that from different places is consistency, but its absolute value of initial free radicals concentration is difference, the initial free radical concentration of Shengli coal is 3.034 6×1018/g, and reached the maximum value 26.686 0×1018/g at 550 ℃, 10 min, Xinjiang coal initial free radical concentration is 15.283×1018/g, and reached the maximum value of 57.537×1018/g at 600 ℃, 10 min; this method can provide theoretical basis for the further study of coal pyrolysis mechanism and improvement of the light tar yield.",1
"Exampled by anthracite coal from Sihe coalmine of Qinshui coal basin, Shanxi Province, four coal samples with different deformed extent were extracted by three solvents, including benzene, tetrahydrofuran (THF) and 1-methyl-2-pyrrolidinone (NMP) under the condition of room temperature, the group composition of the extraction were separated and measured by column chromatography method and the extract yield were calculated. The study shows that with the increasing of the damage extent of coal body structure, the extraction ratio shows the increasing trend, in which the maximum extraction rate of the solvent was NMP, THF the second, and then benzene in turn. For the three solvent, the group composition of the extraction shows the same rule: as the damage extent of coal structure increasing, the relative contents of total hydrocarbon decrease, in which the content of alkane hydrocarbons decreases but the content of aromatic hydrocarbons relative increases. And the total contents of non-hydrocarbon increase, in which resin content increases but asphaltene content relatively decreases.",1
"In order to clarify the solution loss kinetics behavior on coke strength after reaction, three representative cokes were used for solution loss reaction experiment. Isothermal reaction between coke and CO2 at 1 050 ℃-1 300 ℃ was stopped at a weight loss of 25%, and the strength of coke was tested by I type drum. The results showed that the temperature of gradient reaction brings the most serious degradation to three cokes were different due to different reactivity, and the temperature of the high reactive coke is about 1 100 ℃ which is lower than another two cokes. Although the strength of high reactive coke after gradient reaction of most serious degradation is poor, reaction rate is accelerated or declined by changing reaction temperature, post-reaction strength of high reactive coke increased markedly.",1
"The pyrolysis experiment of carboniferous high sulfur coal form northwest area of China was made. The influence of different pyrolysis temperature (200 ℃ to 1 000 ℃) and different holding time (20 min to 100 min) on the changes of sulfur forms content were investigated. FTIR was used to analyze the coal samples and their products. The pyrolysis experiment shows that the total sulfur increases firstly with temperature rising and then decreases, reaching to the lowest at 600 ℃. Sulfate sulfur content is low at a range of 0%-0.5%. Pyrites sulfur decreases with the temperature. Organic sulfur content firstly decreases and then increases with the pyrolysis temperature rising. At 500 ℃, organic sulfur decreases to the lowest. The pyrites sulfur removed rate is higher than the rate of organic sulfur. The heteroatom functional groups of oxygen and sulfur in semi-cokes decrease with the rising temperature.",0
"This research mainly explored co-pyrolysis characteristics between low metamorphic coal and oil shale under microwave irradiation, discussed the yield and composition of co-pyrolysis product, and analyzed components of liquid products by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) combined with techniques. The results show that appropriately add low metamorphic coal to oil shale can improve the yield of tar and increase the content of flammable gas-CO, CH4 and H2.Tar is composed mainly of hydrocarbons (about 50%-80%) in which some hydrocarbons such as alkanes and aromatic hydrocarbons are majority (about 40%-50%), and secondly of less oxygenated compounds with phenol-based and none of nitrogen compounds.",0
"Self-inventing new coal gasification furnace is used to complete gasified experiment of varied carbonaceous material. The effects of gasification on purity, crystal morphosis and yield of energy carrier material were analysed.The effects of micro-porosity of bituminite at high temperature and fine powdered carbon in the surface of coke at high temperature on the content of 6H-SiC were studied.It is found that new coal gasification has no effect on the quality of energy carrier material and the high porosity, complexed sectional structure and fine powdered carbon in the surface of coke at high temperature are main reasons for the high content of 6H-SiC.",1
"According to the high ash fusibility coal from Huainan Mining Areas was hard directly to apply to the available liquefaction technique with the liquid coal ash discharging, under the weak reduction air, the  intelligent ash fusion detector and X-ray diffractometer were applied to study the ash fusion characteristics temperature and mineral behavior of typical coal samples with base flux. It is shown that, as the ashing temperature go up, the mullite derived from kaolinite was formed, the transimittance of carbonate decrease gradually. Fluxes of ADC and ADF which react with other minerals in coal ash to form fayalite, hereynite, gehlenite, anhydrite at high temperature can lower the ash fusion temperature effectively.",1
"The effects of two kinds of iron-based catalyst on quick coal liquefaction at high temperature (QCLHT) are investigated by using a micro-autoclave reactor when Yanzhou coal is selected as object of study. The results shows that the pyrolytic behavior of the coal is influenced slightly when Fe2S3 and high dispersion iron-based catalyst are respectively supported in the coal; hydrogen can participating in coal liquefaction more easily when the coal is impregnated by Fe2S3, at the same time, a lighter distribution of products of coal liquefaction can be realized; under the condition of excellent and sufficient hydrogen donating solvent, the hydrogen donating rate of solvent is much higher than that of hydrogen conversion and the role of catalyst is not obvious. The role of elemental sulfur is in relation to its combination form with the iron series main catalyst according to the comparison of the catalytic results of QCLHT when high dispersion iron-based catalyst with S as additive and impregnated Fe2S3 are selected as catalyst respectively.",0
"Effects of temperature, contents of steelmaking flue dust, CoSO4 and NiSO4 and adding ways were investigated on liquefaction of coal sample from Wucaiwan under reaction conditions that ratio of solvent to coal was 2.75∶1, reaction time 60 min, and initial hydrogen pressure 6.0 MPa. Results indicated that under the given conditions, we obtained maximum oil yield of 64.59% when the amount of steelmaking flue dust was  3% and temperature was 415 ℃. When CoSO4 and NiSO4 mixed with the dust and sample, yields of oil and conversion decreased. Oil yield were 68.01% and 66.58% respectively, when NiSO4 and CoSO4 were added by supported. We still obtained a good liquefaction results when steelmaking flue dust, NiSO4 and CoSO4 as cata-lysts, although analytical results of the coal sample showed that liquefaction performance of the sample wasn’t enough well.",0
"Due to SF coal has high content of moisture and oxygen-containing groups, so it’s difficult to obtain high-concentration coal-water slurry. In this paper, we have studied the preparation process conditions of coal-water slurry has particle classification and dispersant compound etc. Research has demonstrated that when the ratio of particle classification 500 mesh, 325 mesh and 200 mesh is 5∶1∶4, the ratio of dispersant of ethoxylated dodecylalcohol and sodium lignin sulfonate is 0.8∶0.8, the coal-water slurry has the lowest apparent viscosity for 1 020 mPa·s, the best stability of 15 d and the higher concentration of 62%.",1
Kaiyang coal in Guizhou Province was used and systemically analyzed. The slurryability of Kaiyang coal was evaluated according to the slurryability index D of bituminous coal. The slurryability and rheological behaviour of Kaiyang coal water slurry were analyzed. The results show that the slurry prepared from Kaiyang coal has higher slurryability and good mobility. The rheological behaviour of Kaiyang coal water slurry exhibits pseudoplasticity. Kaiyang coal water slurry has more economic and practical advantages when the amount of YKL accounted for 0.15% of Kaiyang coal. Kaiyang coal water slurry prepared by concentration of 63% meets the requirements of coal slurry pressurized gasification technology.,1
"The starch graft copolymer was prepared by the radical polymerization using styrene(St) and hydroxyethyl acrylate (HEA) as graft monomers in oxidation-reduction initiator system. The copolymer was characterized and analyzed by infrared spectrum (FT-IR), dynamic contact angle and Zeta potential. It was investigated that the added quantity of the dispersant and the amount of CWS affect the Shenhua coal slurry preparation performance. The experiment demonstrates that CWS show the best behavior and the apparent viscosity would be 852 mPa·s when the amount of CWS is 65% and the dosage of dispersant produced on optimum conditions is 0.5%.",1
"The temperature distribution of internal heating type low-temperature distillation furnace was simulated by computational fluid dynamics (CFD) software in this paper. Standard k-ε model, species transport model, porous medium model and P1 radiation model were selected. It is found that the temperature distribution trends near the entrance remain stable when changing the ratio of re-blow coal gas and air. The highest temperature in the furnace was considerably influenced by the ratio and reached the maximum point 1 870 ℃ at the ratio of 0.6. The optimal ratio of re-blow coal gas and air 1.8 was determined according to the principle of low temperature dry distillation and the simulation results of the temperature distribution of the coal seam in the furnace chamber.",1
"The ignition properties of Zixi Mongolia coal and Wu coal were investigated using the thermogravimetry technique (TG-DTG). The influence of ignition propertyes in different heating rate and different particle size were discussed. Kinetic parameters of coal combustion process were obtained. According to the index R of the release of combustion products of coal, the ignition properties of coal was determined. Under the experimental conditions the following conclusions were obtained: 1) the heating rate is lower, the index R of the release of combustion products is larger. So the lower heating rate is beneficial to the ignition. But the heating rate has little effect on the  ignition properties of Zixi Mongolia coal; 2) the same rate of temperature conditions, the Wu coal: 0.2 mm-0.3 mm weightlessness is the largest, less than 0.15 mm and 0.15 mm-0.2 mm basic consistently; since the burning of Zixi Mongolia coal: 0.2 mm-0.3 mm weightlessness minimum, less than 0.15 mm weightlessness and 0.15 mm-0.2 mm weightlessness are basically the same; 3) through two kinds of coal combustion process for the dynamic analysis of the Wu coal combustion process that the activation energy of higher than the Zixi Mongolia coal.",1
"An Indonesian low rank coal was compressed into high strength binderless briquettes in a double roller briquetting machine. The BET surface, pore volume and surface functional group of raw coal and briquette coal were analyzed and compared. The briquette’s relative ignition temperature and adiabatic oxidation heating rate were measured. The pyrolysis and combustion characteristics have been studied. The results showed that the collapse of pores in coal, leading to coal shrinkage, took place while hydroxyl, carbonyl and carboxyl groups decomposed during drying and high pressure binderless briquetting. The upgraded coal had lower spontaneous combustion propensity, and its reactivity during pyrolysis and combustion decreased.",1
"Coal ash is China’s largest single source of solid waste, of which the submicron fly ash are particularly troublesome, since they are enriched with the toxic heavy metals and have a high probability of escaping common air pollution control devices. To investigate its formation mechanisms during coal combustion, the interaction between different minerals in the coal and its effect on the formation of the submicron fly ash were studied. Three bituminous coals were combusted in the drop tube furnace and the produced ash was collected and separated by low-pressure impactor. The X-ray fluorescence(XRF)and the transmission electron microscopy-energy dispersion spectroscopy(TEM-EDS)are used to characterize the minerals in the coal and the submicron ash. With respect to the influence of the modes of occurrence of elements, it was investigated from the consideration of the mineral association in parent coals, i.e., included or excluded particles. According to the experimental results, it was concluded that the association of inherent minerals with the carbonaceous matrix was primarily important for determining their transformation into submicron ash. The excluded minerals barely contribute to submicron ash formation. The transformation behaviors of Si and Al were possibly affected by the amount of excluded in raw coals.",1
"A series of Cr2O3/γ-Al2O3 catalysts with different Cr2O3 loading ratio were prepared by incipient wetness impregnation method. Then the influences of the calcination temperature, methane concentration and space velocity on the activity of palladium catalyst were investigated as well as their sulfur resistance ability. According to the research results, it is found that Cr2O3/γ-Al2O3 catalysts showed a good performance on catalytic activity, which enhanced with the increasing of Cr2O3 loading ratio at first and then decreased. It is also observed that the activity of Cr2O3/γ-Al2O3 catalyst with 20% Cr2O3 loading ratio was positive correlation with methane concentration, but negative correlation with space velocity. Based on an overall consideration, Cr2O3/γ-Al2O3 catalyst with 20% Cr2O3 loading ratio calcinated at 400 ℃ had the highest catalytic activity for lean methane oxidation as well as a relatively strong sulfur resistance ability.",1
"As for the single zinc oxide loading type desulfurizer, desulfurization accuracy can reach 0.1×10-6, but its sulfur capacity is relatively lower. In this study, the supported ZnO-MnO2/γ-Al2O3 sorbents were prepared by the impregnation method. The effect of MnO2 additive on phase, texture and specific surface area of Zn based sorbents were investigated by XRD and BET, respectively. The desulfurization performance was studied from Zn: Mn loading, sintering temperature and sulfidation temperature in a fixed bed reactor. The results revealed that H2S could be removed from 65×10-6 to less than 0.1×10-6 and the largest sulfur content was 19.08 g S/100 g (ZnO-MnO2) by the sorbent with 8∶1 mole ratio of Zn∶Mn and 20% loading. The additive MnO2 phase can obviously enhanced the properties of single zinc oxide loading desulfurizer.",1
"The reaction characteristics of CaO absorbing CO2 were investigated by discussing the influence of reaction conditions on the carbonated reaction and analyzing the dynamic property with unreacted shrinking core model. The results showed that the chemical reaction rate constant of the carbonation reaction is nearly a constant at 650 ℃-750 ℃; the product layer diffusion coefficient increasing with the increase of temperature; the activation energy of chemical reaction control section was Ea=29.70 kJ/mol, and of the product control section was Ea=92.80 kJ/mol; with the volume fraction of CO2 increasing, the reaction rate and conversion rate increased.",1
"With Shanbei machine-made semicoke as the raw material, the actived carbon was prepared in the N2-atmosphere tube furnace by KOH activation method, whose BET specific surface area is 810.017 2 m2/g and BJH mean pore size is 6.579 3 nm. The activation temperature and time, alkali/semicoke ratio, mixed styles of alkali and semicoke, and semicoke types were considered to have effects on the adsorption performance of active carbon. The optimum preparation procedure is determined that Xingmao semicoke is used as the raw material, KOH powder is used as the activated agent, the activation temperature is 800 ℃, the activation time is 1 h and the ratio of alkali/semicoke is 5∶1.",1
"In order to investigate the effect of heating rate and pyrolysis temperature to products distribution and absorption of heat in the coal pyrolysis process, the coal pyrolysis processes were researched with TG/ DTG and TG-FTIR analysis in this paper. The influence of heating-up speed and temperature of coal pyrolysis to gas product distribution were investigated, and the properties of the coke from reaction were analyzed. The results indicate that the whole absorption of heat in the coal pyrolysis process decreased with the increase of the heating rate. The pyrolysis temperature, at which the coal tar components(mainly aromatic, aliphatic, fat alicyclic) reached a maximum content, increased with the heating rate, while the gas components  released quickly with the increase of heating rate. Coke structure was gradually dense with the increase of pyrolysis temperature, crack produced in the coke and aromatic forms increased at higher temperature, and at the same time, the oxygen and nitrogen content of coke decreased with the increase of pyrolysis temperature due to the continuous cracks of nitrides and oxygenates.",0
"This article investigated the volatile evolution characteristics and estimated the corresponding reaction kinetics of five coal samples belonging to different coal rank in the pyrolysis via programmed and isothermal heating realized in thermogravimetric analyzer and micro fluidized bed (MFB) respectively. The pyrolysis via programmed heating demonstrated that the release sequence of the volatile gases was CO2, CO, CH4 and H2 in succession, whereas the isothermal pyrolysis in MFB showed that the gas release of CO and CO2 was also preceded CH4 and H2. For the isothermal fast pyrolysis in MFB, the activation energy of the five coal samples was 17 kJ/mol-35 kJ/mol, obviously lower than that for the pyrolysis via programmed heating. The reaction order of CO2 and CO was found to be close to 1 and that for the formation of CH4 and H2 obviously deviated from 1, which demonstrates essentially the difference in the formation mechanism for these two groups of volatile gases.",0
"In order to separate the macerals in Shenfu coal, the influence of pH values, surfactants and inorganic modifier on the surface electrical properties of macerals were investigated. The results show that changing the pH values of the system, addition of the cationic surfactant CTAB and inorganic modifier AlCl3 to the system are beneficial to increase the differences between the vitrain and fusain. The influence of pH values and agent concentration on maceral zeta potential is synergistic.",1
"Based on the present utilization situation of coal slime, this paper investigated the carbon dioxide gasification of Shigetai coal slime and fine coal slime after flotation at different heating rates using thermogravimetric analysis, and by TG/DTG curve of the gasification reaction, calculated the gasification conversion and examined the influence of flotation on coal slime gasification. Coats-Redfern and Doyle approximations were used to simulate the gasification behaviors for seeking activation energy and pre-exponential factor. The result showed that the values of the activation energy and the pre-exponential factor of coal slime and fine coal slime decrease with the increase of heating rate, while both are similar at same heating rate; high levels of minerals and ash in coal slime have catalytic action on the gasification.",1
"With Aspen Plus software, the model of coal gasifying process for Shell furnace was established, and used for simulation and optimization of coal gasifying process in Xinjiang Zhundong. With the aim of high content of (CO+H2), by single-factor research, the optimum operation conditions are 2 MPa of pressure, 0.73 kg/kg of O2/coal and 0.09 kg/kg of H2O/coal; by multi-factor research, the optimum operation conditions are 2 MPa of pressure, 0.78 kg/kg of O2/coal and 0.05 kg/kg of H2O/coal. The sequence of influence of factors is the interaction of  O2/coal and H2O/coal＞O2/coal＞H2O/coal＞pressure.",1
"The autoclave and pressurized fixed bed reactor were used, and the proximate and ultimate analysis of raw and hydrothermal pretreated lignite, the carbon conversion and gas product component were analyzed. By these methods, the hydrothermal upgrading of Inner Mongocla lignite and the catalytic gasification behaviors of its wastewater at different temperatures were studied. The results showed that: the hydrothermal process can remove moisture，reduce the oxygen content but increase the fixed and elemental carbon content; the gasification reactivity of the organic matter in the hydrothermal wastewater was higher, resulting in its higher catalytic gasification rate and carbon conversion; the organic matter can be converted into recyclable gas, and the main component of the gas were H2, CO2 and CH4, while the CO content was lower.",1
"The research showed that various factors with different implications by analyzing the eight factors in affecting the performance of Shenhua coal direct liquefaction reaction, and the separation performance of liquid oil and solid for the liquefied oil yield was also significant. The analysis of the impact reasons and proposed corrective measures for optimizing plant operations could provide the reference for adjusting the actual production operation, installation and stable operation, further deciding the appropriate process conditions, and providing the basis for improving plant productivity and coal direct liquefaction technology gradually maturity. Finally, it proposed the key of the direct hydrogenation of coal liquefaction industrialization was not just technology issues, the reliability of equipment operation should not be ignored.",0
"In this paper，Yanzhou coal is extracted in a soxhlet extractor with tetrahydrofuran（THF） as extracting solvent. Both the raw coal and the THF extracted coal are analyzed by SEM,BET,TG and IR spectrum. Experiments on quick coal liquefaction at high temperature (QCLHT) of raw coal and its THF extracted coal are carried out. The effect of soxhlet extraction of solvent on the structure and liquefaction performance of the extracted coal is investigated by the comparison with raw coal. The results show that both the structure and pyrolysis behavior of the residual coal are changed; the conversion rate of QCLHT of the residual coal is higher than that of raw coal; low molecular compounds can play a role of hydrogen donor in the QCLHT reaction without external active hydrogen resource.",0
"Non-isothermal combustion experiments of different additive amount of bituminous (0%, 20%, 40%, 60%, 80%, 100%) were conducted by synthesized thermogravimetry analyzer(STA409PC) from room temperature to 900 ℃ in air. The changes of combustion characteristic parameters of pulverized coals in different atmospheres are analyzed. The results show that DTG curves of coal combustion move to low temperature zones when the amount of bituminous increases. It indicates that both ignition and burn out temperature are lower, burn out time decreases, combustion characteristic index obviously increases, and combustion performance of blending coal are improved. The isoconversional method involving Flynn-Wall-Ozawa（FWO） methods was used for the kinetic analysis of the main combustion process. The results indicated that when the additive amount of bituminous varied from 0 to 100%, the value of activation energy which would sharply reduce if the additive amount of bituminous was under 60% increased from 133.94 kJ/mol to 78.03 kJ/mol by using FWO method.",1
"The fragmentation characteristic of coal in the circulating fluidized bed boiler greatly changes the particle size distribution of the bed material,and it has large effects on the granule concentration in the bed, heat and mass transfer of bed material and the combustion process of coal particles.Because of the complexity of the circulating fluidized bed boiler and the difficulty to observe the phenomenon,the primary fragmentation characteristics of different coals are determined in a tube furnace.The research results show that different kinds of coal have different fragmentation forms.Bituminous coal particles follow the ring nuclear-layer fragmentation form； lean coal and anthracite coal both show the center-fragmentation and the surface-fracture,some particles break into fine particles rapidly due to their heat explosion characteristics；the fragmentation of coal gangue happens parallel to its bedding planes,and the particles break into fragments.In addition,the effects of particle size, bed temperature and heating atmosphere on the primary fragmentation of Xishan lean coal and Yangquan anthracite coal are further researched.",1
"Numerical simulation on a novel liquid slag-removal burner is performed to study the influence of excess air coefficient on velocity, temperature and component concentration distribution. Results show that small excess air coefficient (α= 0.7, 0.8) can result in low burn-out rate of pulverized coal. When α is no lower than 1.0, pulverized coal can burn more completely, but NOx emission increases. In this paper, staged combustion is carried out in the burner with less oxygen (α=0.9) to reduce local oxygen concentration, which can not only realize liquid slag discharge, but also inhibit the generation of NOx.Over-fire air added into the furnace after high temperature flue gas gets cool makes the combustible components burn again, which improves the burn-out ratio. Thermal state experiment is conducted on the burner to investigate the influence of heat load by combining simulation with experiment, which shows the burner has good adaptability to variable heat load. The numerical simulation results tally with the experiment results.",1
"In this paper, process of preparation of carbon adsorbent by drying of lignite-charring-removing impurity-shaping-activation is researched and activation experiment of the obtained carbon adsorbent was introduced primarily by using steam. The effect law of activation temperature，activation time and steam consumption on yield and iodine adsorption value of carbon adsorbent product was obtained. In the test the best process condition is: when the activation temperature is 700 ℃，the activation time is 4 h，the steam consumption is 1.2 kg/(kg adsorbent ·h)，0.9 kg/(kg adsorbent ·h) and 0.78 kg/(kg adsorbent ·h), the yield and iodine adsorption value of carbon adsorbent product obtain 28%（1 048 mg/g），31%（800 mg/g）and 32.5% （700 mg/g） respectively. The obtained carbon adsorbent was characterized by scanning electron microscope observation，we found that carbon adsorbent product structure is more loose and microporous has an increasing trend.",1
"The characters of two types of activated carbon absorbents in the processes of NO and SO2 adsorption at room temperature were investigated by adsorption breakthrough curve and adsorption capacity in this work. The results show that, in the absence of O2, the adsorptive capability for NO of these two activated carbon absorbents are extremely weak. Obvious improvement of NO adsorption could be observed in the adsorption process under the O2-attendance conditions. For individual component adsorption, the two sorbents show a higher adsorption capacity in SO2 than in NO, and the presence of O2 could promote the adsorption both NO and SO2. Coal activated carbon has better capacity of absorbing SO2 and the process might be promoted by certain species produced by NO pre-adsorption. SO2 has an inhibiting effect on NO adsorption. In the simultaneous adsorption of NO-SO2-O2, NO and SO2 may not occupy the same active site independently. It means that new adsorbed intermediate species may formed during the co-adsorption of NO-SO2-O2. The coconut shell activated carbon performed better than the coal activated carbon in the co-adsorption process at room temperature.",1
"The activated carbon fiber is a kind of highly effective separation and adsorption material, which takes polymer as raw material while carbonization and activation in high temperature. In this study, we use waste organic silk as raw material, seek feasibility to manufacture activated carbon fiber in different condition. In the end, through the SEM, XRD, IR and adsorption of methylene blue trihydrate, we has preparated excellent performance activated carbon fiber and concluded optimal conditions: carbonization temperature is 650 ℃, activation is in CO2 atmosphere, activation temperature is 950 ℃, activation time is 60 min.",1
"Oil-based drilling cuttings (ODC) and waste drilling mud (WDM) both are typical and difficult degradation substances containing high concentration of organic contaminants. However, if they serve as the binder of briquette, it will be able to digest organic contaminants easily, recycle the heat value and improve the sulfur retention rate at the same time. In this paper, the three-component briquette (TCB) was made from meager coal (PM, from Yibin in Sichuan Province), ODC and WDM (from Daanzhai oil field). Besides, the optimal proportion of three components was obtained by taking low heat value (Qnet,ad) and dry ash free basis volatile matter (Vdaf) of clean briquette as indexes through orthogonal experiment design. The results showed that the optimal proportion was 65∶35∶9, and the TCB not only met the code of clean briquette but also was more energy-efficient and more environmental than ordinary briquette. This work has provided the resource utilization of the drilling waste with a promising technique route, for it is low-carbon and environmental-friendly.",1
"Fiber ceramsite was made from fly ash, wheat straw and admixtures (cement, lime, gypsum and water glass) by the processes of mix, balling, aging and maintenance. Took specific surface area (SSA) as the main investigation index, the effect of admixtures, straw particle size and its dosage on fiber ceramsite's SSA were analysed through single factor experiment and orthogonal test, and the results showed that, the primary-secondary influencing factors of admixtures on SSA could be arranged as follows: lime>water glass>cement>gypsum; the optimum preparation solution of fiber ceramsite made from wheat straw and fly ash was: selected and used 10% wheat straw grinded twice, that was to say, the mass ratio of wheat straw and fly ash was 1∶9; the use level of admixtures was: lime 8%, water glass 2%, cement 3%, gypsum 2.5%, and the SSA of fiber ceramsite obtained under this condition was 7.925 m2/g.",1
"Biomass materials for producing char had been selected after analyzing the influences of the two aspects on biomass carbonization. The two aspects are respectively the results of proximate analysis and lignin content of biomass materials. Forest biomass is suitable for biomass carbonization. The use of forest branches, sawdust and fuel forest for carbonization should been strengthened. In order to realize industrialization of biomass carbonization, heat exchanges for biomass pyrolysis utilizing residual heat of the flue should been designed. It needs to know the caloric requirement of pyrolysis. TG-DSC simultaneous thermal analyzer was used for experiments of sawdust. The analysis of caloric requirement of biomass carbonization was made. When the carbonization temperature was 500 ℃（the initial temperature was 40 ℃）, caloric requirement was 491 kJ/kg. This paper also pointed out a DSC curve’s application method in heat transfer design and verification of heat exchange for biomass pyrolysis.",1
"The preparation process of biomass coal-based fuel charcoal（BCFC） were obtained by experimental, then its briquetting mechanism and combustion characteristics were studied. The optimal process parameters of BCFC were determined as following: Yuzhou coal, corn stalk and organic binder are mixed at a mass ratio 81∶6∶13, and carbonized after briquetting. The bio-briquette structure and caking property of Yuzhou coal and binder are the foundation of the BCFC briuqetting. The combustion intensity of commercial fuel charcoal is higher than that of BCFC in the initial stage of combustion, while their magnitude of combustion prolongation is on the contrary, because of the difference of their volatile mater, fixed carbon and calorific value.",1
"The catalyst were used in the process of carbonization for the biomass type coal such as Na2CO3, NaHCO3 and NaOH, the effect were studied in the process of preparation for the active coke, and the ignition loss and the adsorption value of iodine was analyzed. The research results showed that Na2CO3, NaHCO3 and NaOH have a certain effect on the process of preparation for the active coke, and the catalytic effect of Na2CO3 is the most significant; the alkaline of catalyst  also has an important influence, the stronger the alkaline is, the better the results are.",1
"During synthesizing NaA zeolite from fly ash with two step process, the dissolve law and concentration of Si and Al in fly ash with different NaOH concentration solution was investigated. The influences of temperature, time and NaOH concentration was analyzed by XRD and CEC during crystallization. The results show that the best process parameters are: the crystallization temperature is 100 ℃, the time is 4 h,the NaOH concentration is 2.5 M. Under the conditions above, pure and well-crystallized NaA zeolite was synthesized with CEC 4.3 mmol/g.",1
"Based on the single whisker axisymmetrical and others research production, the effect of varied whisker aspect ratio on the mechanical behavior of this composites is analysed by the finite element analysis method. It is shown that, 1) the effect to the whisker than to the resin by the aspect of whisker; 2) the more of the aspect ratio of the whisker, the larger of the concentrated stress occur on the bottom of whisker when the aspect ratio less than 30,however when the aspect ratio beyond 30,the effect of aspect ratio on the concentrated stress is very small; 3) the more of the aspect ratio of the whisker, the smaller of the shearing stress occur on the interface when the aspect ratio less than 30,however when the aspect ratio beyond 30,the effect of aspect ratio to the shearing stress is very small; 4) the more of the aspect ratio of the whisker ,the larger of the tensile-strength in the composites.",1
"To reveal the exiting state and solubilization behavior of solule components in coal, vitrinite from Liangjia long flame coal (LJJY) was extracted using Soxhlet extractor with CS2 and soluble components sampled as time in batches or times were analyzed using FTIR and GC/MS for qualitative and quantitative analysis. The results show that the initial extraction rate of LJJY extracted using Soxhlet extractor with CS2 is rapidder, subsequently slows down and the total extraction rate is not high. The dissolution process of CS2 extracts as follows: more alipha-tic hydrocarbons and less substituted aromatics are dissolved in early extraction, over time, aliphatic hydrocarbons decrease and substituted aromatic contents relatively increase, and finally the non-substituted aromatic compounds and oxygen-containing compounds are main dissolution. The process of coal metamorphism mainly exists three types of reaction, which are aromatization reaction, splitting and stability reaction and condensation reaction.",1
"By the methods of acid decalcification and added minerals, the effects of different fractions in calcium mineral and its contents on lignite ash melting characteristics were investigated on the ash fusion temperature analyzer. The results show that calcium oxide micro-crystallites, which generated from ashing process of organic calcium, are more easily interact with other minerals and form glassy materials, or low melting point eutectic materials (e.g. anorthite, gehlenite), than calcium oxide particles from the transformation of inorganic calcium minerals, and results in the drop of lignite ash melting point. Both two lignite ash melting points firstly decreased, and then increased with the increase of calcium oxide content, and when the calcium oxide content is in the range of 30%-35%, the ash melting point is the lowest. With the increase of calcium oxide content, the position of HLH ashes in SiO2-Al2O3-CaO three phase diagrams moves from high melting point mullite district to the lower melting point of anorthite and gehlenite area, finally reaches the high melting point di-calcium silicate zone, and XLT ashes move from anorthite to gehlenite to di-calcium silicate zone.",1
"Co-pyrolysis characteristics of low rank coal mixed with biomass（duckweed ）in different proportions were studied in a dry distillation equipment, and focusing on the coal tar of the product with GC-MS in order to investigate the reaction mechanism of the co-pyrolysis between biomass and coal. Furthermore， the research studied on the pyrolysis mechanism with biomass added by thermogravimetric analyzer. The results show that low-temperature tar could be upgraded with the increasing of biomass content, straight chain alkanes and high-value chemicals such as naphthalene, phenol, anthracene were enriched. The biomass can do favor to the pyrolysis process of coal by reducing the temperature of coal’s pyrolysis and active energy(E), The co-pyrolysis process belongs to first-order kinetic reaction, and the synergetic effect was found during coal and biomass co-prolysis by comparing with the individual pyrolysis.",0
"The mixture of low metamorphic coal and plastic is studied under the condition of microwave pyrolysis, using infrared analysis and GC-MS to characterize the blue-coal and tar, and the effects of condensing temperature on the tar yield and component are investigated that is focused on. This research shows that with the decrease of the condensing temperature, the tar yield increased gradually, while the gas yield decreased. When the condensing temperature decreased from 25 ℃ to -10 ℃, the content of alkane, olefin and phenols showed a downward trend that decreased respectively to 12.701%, 7.044% and 7.923%, while the content of aromatic hydrocarbon increased significantly to 50.572%. The light components of C5-C10 in the tar decreased from 43.545% to 22.976%, while the intermediate components of C11-C18 increased from 32.730% to 32.730%, and the heavy components over C19 changed a little.",0
"Based on the step utilization of brown coal pyrolysis, partial gasification, and residual carbon combustion, a brown coal from Shigouyi Coal Mine in Ningxia was chosen as research object to produce the rapid and slow coal chars at temperature of 700 ℃950 ℃ in a horizontal tube furnace.The effect of pyrolysis conditions on carbon microcrystal structure and BET surface area of chars was investigated. The carbon dioxide gasification reactivity was analyzed by thermogravimetric-mass spectrometric technology, and different evolution indexes were used to characterize the reactivity of chars. It is found that the gasification rate of Shigouyi chars increases by more than 50% with the temperature increasing by 50 ℃. When the pyrolysis temperature rises, the carbon microcrystal structure of coal chars becomes more orderly and the BET surface area decreases. However, the gasification reactivity is mainly controlled by gasification temperature. The gasification reactivity of rapid pyrolyzed coal char is better than that of slow pyrolyzed coal char, and the difference between them become greater as gasification temperature rises. Average specific reaction rates of both rapid and slow pyrolyzed chars have a linear relationship with reaction index.",1
"Much consumption of fossil fuels has caused serious crisis and environmental impact locally and globally. On the base of high-ash coal  idle, this text  analyses the best  utilization way and  pilot test on a 3 m×16 m fluidized gasifier, taking high-ash powdered coal of Yima as raw material. It was found that the temperature, pressure, composition and flow rate of coal gas had a small change and the test process was steady and successful especially on fully load. Moreover, this test improves that the fluid bed is appropriate for the high-ash powdered coal.",1
"The paper chooses supercritical methanol treatment to remove oxide from lignite and mainly focuses on the effect of temperature, pressure, catalysts and pretreatment ways on deoxidizing rate(R). Experiment results indicate that the deoxidizing rate increases with temperature and pressure within a certain range of temperature and pressure. The deoxidizing rate reaches its maximum at 330 ℃ and decreases if temperature is above that value. Base catalysts are better to raise the deoxidizing rate than acid catalysts. Under the same temperature and pressure, the deoxidizing rate of the sample after swelling is 5.39% higher than that of the original sample. While the water in the lignite sample has no effect on the deoxidizing rate. So that a high deoxidizing rate needs swelling the coal at first and base as catalysts. Temperature and pressure should reach the critical state at least. After swelling pretreatment in methanol for 8 h, the lignite is treated with methanol for 60 min at 330 ℃, 8.2 MPa. The weight ratio of methanol：Xilinhaote lignite is 5∶1. Solid NaOH is added as catalyst(1%). Under these conditions, deoxidizing rate can reach 32.94%.",1
"As a hydrogen donor solvent of wash oil, it was investigated to affect of three factors such as ratio of solvent to coal, reaction temperature, and initial H2 pressure on liquefaction properties of the sample of Wucaiwan coal from Xinjiang. Results show that in the coal sample hydro-liquefaction progress，the material which has strong hydrogen donor ability formed so that  enhancing its hydrogen donor ability，after wash oil was partially hydrogenated. Compared with tetrahydronaphthalene，ratio of solvent to coal reduced from 3 to 1.75, final pressure was 16.3 MPa，which was similar to under condition of tetrahydronaphthalene as a solvent, although the initial H2 pressure was 8.0 MPa. Oil yield was 59.24%, and conversion was 81.05%.",0
"Xinjiang coal is hard for the preparation of coal-water slurry for its high moisture content. Due to Xinjiang coal’s low ash content, there will be a broad application prospects to prepare oil-coal slurry with it. The preparation conditions and the performance under different conditions of Xinjiang oil-coal slurry were studied. The results show that: when using sodium lignosulphonate as dispersant and polyacrylamide 10000 as stabilizer, pulverized coal is 50 g, diesel is 23 mL, water is 26 mL, the oil-coal slurry has the lowest apparent viscosity and the best stability. The performance of the oil-coal slurry prepared with composite dispersant which was made by SDBS and ethoxylated dodecylalcohol in accordance with the ratio of 1∶1 is better than that with a single dispersant.",1
"With the FCC slurry as raw material, using multi-tube and single-tube well-crucible furnace controlled by programmed heating, and a reactor which contained pneumatic guide structure to prepare highly ordered mesophase coke. The experiment focuses on two reactor structures’ influences on the ordered growth of mesophase, in accordance with the exploration of the impact on the ordered growth of mesophase coke by gas current and the changes of ordered mesophase structure in high temperature process. The experiment discovered that during the process of materials’ thermal polymerization in the reactor with pneumatic guide structure, the mesophase spherule guided by the upcurrent melts orderly and gradually develops to domain structure. Thus it can prepare well-ordered mesophase coke which can be used to develop good intermediate phase differentiation burnt. Proper calcinations temperature would result in the further perfection and improvement of ordered mesophase coke structure and performance.",1
The light and heavy components of Shenglong coal tar was extracted and separated through an independent development of low-temperature extraction system. Feeding type was optimized and the influence of solvent ratio to the extraction yield of light and heavy components was analyzed and discussed. The influence of extraction number to the rule of solution and precipitation of the components and the process operability was discussed. The qualitative and quantitative analysis of light components was identified by GC/MS. Main components in light components are polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and the higher relative content of naphthalene is found which is 23.10%.,1
"This experiment studied on the sample of needle coke which were activated in different concentrations of nitric acid, then the surface composition and internal structure of the samples were analyzed by infrared spectra and X-ray diffraction; and the electrochemical cyclic voltammetry of the samples were tested. The results of electrochemical performance test showed that: the content of carboxyl, hydroxyl and carbonyl of needle coke surface oxygen functional groups which were activated by nitric treatment had increased; the average microcrystalline size of needle coke had reduced; the specific capacitance of needle coke had increased by 39.8% after activation.",1
"The sodium lignosulphonate was fractionated by means of ultrafiltration, and the grafted copolymer was prepared by using the 5 000-10 000 fraction and acrylic acid. The structure of the products was characterized by FTIR, and surface tension, contact angle and the properties of coal water slurry (CWS) were examined. The results showed that: the grafted copolymer(LA) was more available to decrease the surface tension, and the contact angle of LA was less than that of sodium lignosulphonate. When the grafter was used in additives for CWS, the CWS viscosity could be reduced 100 mPa·s to 300 mPa·s which was equal to sodium naphthalene sulfonate and it could give a better static stability.",1
"N2 adsorption method is a popular method in measuring materials with pore because it is easier in operation and its sample can be recycled. By using different mathematic models to deal with the adsorption data, the result of micropore（<2 nm） as well as mesopore and macropore（2 nm-100 nm） can be obtained at the same time. Coal-based active carbons were characterized by N2 adsorption method and scanning electronic microscopy in the research. The BJH method was introduced in theory and four typical isotherm of active carbon were summarized. By combining N2 adsorption analyzing method with SEM, their characteristics of pore were clarified completely. The research results may be useful for the research works as well as production action involving active carbons.",1
"The effects of quick lime （CaO） on combustion characteristics of lignite was studied by TGA. The comprehensive combustibility parameter S, the combustibility indexes C and the composite indexes on ignition and burning Rw, which can well indicate the combustion characteristics, were adopted. Then the chemical kinetics parameters, i.e. activation energy E and frequency factor A were calculated in this paper. The result showed that: burning process was clearly divided into two phases after addition of quick lime. With the ratio of quick lime increasing, the pre-combustion intensity was gradually weakened, the post-combustion intensity was gradually increased. The content of quick lime reaches 20%, the activation energy of the samples decreased slightly and the maximum burning rate of lignite and quick lime blending was faster than raw coal. But with the amount of quick lime increasing, burnout performance of sample get worse.",1
"Effect of the corn straw and cow dung on the combustion characteristic of the powdered coal was studied by thermal analysis technology in this paper. The results show that the combustion characteristic of the powdered coal improved significantly by adding a certain amount of corn straw or cow dung. The fire point of mixture for biomass and coal is lower than powdered coal obviously, and the temperature range reaching maximum combustion speed is less than the powdered coal obviously. The powdered coal could completely combust in a narrow range of temperature quickly. The effect of biomass is gradually decreased with the content of powdered coal increasing. The corn straw is better than cow dung in the combustion characteristic of the mixture for coal and biomass.",1
"Effects of the calcination temperatures on the activity of Ni-SiO2 for catalyzing methanation reaction was studied. The experiments were conducted in a slurry bed reactor. The prepared catalysts were characterized by TPR, XRD and BET.  The results showed that the active species Ni in catalysts could  completely form NiO at 350 ℃.  The calcined temperature was a very important factor, affecting both catalyst’s specific area and particle size of active species.  The particle sizes of active components increased while the specific surface area decreased as calcination temperature increased. However, the CH4 yield from the catalysts increased and then decreased with increasing the calcination temperature from 350 ℃ to 700 ℃.  It illustrated that, for the experimental conditions examined, the optimal calcination temperatures of Ni-SiO2 catalyst were among 450 ℃-550 ℃, and higher or lower than that would reduce the catalytic activity.",1
"The arsenic content of coal, fly ash, soil and crop in a village of Guizhou Province was studied in this paper, and sequential chemical extraction method was used for fly ash. The results shows that the arsenic content of coal, soil and fly ash in the researched area are all serious excessive with the standard, generally exceeded 100 mg/kg. The arsenic in fly ash are mainly exist as residues state (57%), the next are iron and manganese oxides combined state (17.62%), arsenic in organic combined state (12.08%), sulfide combined state (11.68%), carbonate combined state (0.97%), and water soluble and exchangeable arsenic content (0.65%). The arsenic emissions of resident’s daily coal use are comparatively large, the daily average emission of every family user reaches to 576.22 mg, the emission rate is 48.07%, the average annual emission is 0.21 kg. The utilization of high-As coal has caused serious problems on crops.",1
"Gas producing ratio and energy consumption rate were computed respectively in the IGCC system, the IGCC system with pre-combustion CO2 capturing and that with oxy-combustion CO2 recycling. It was showed from the computed results that when coal and the gasification were in the same condition, the steam and gas turbine’s work declined and the IGCC system thermal efficiency reduced by 5.851%, which was due to the capturing of CO2 gas. When CO2 reduction rate was 86.55%, the thermal efficiency was 42% and conducive to the operating of IGCC efficiently and cleanly.If adopting the CO2 recycling combustion technology, the system thermal efficiency was lower than that of the pre-combustion CO2 capturing system, but in which zero CO2 emission could be achieved.",1
"The interactions of NiM (M=Mn, Fe, Co, Ni and Cu) with γ-Al2O3 (110) surface and their effects on the adsorption of CO2 have been investigated by using density functional theory (DFT) slab calculations. On the basis of binding energies and electronic structures of NiM on γ-Al2O3 as well as the CO2 adsorption energies on NiM/γ-Al2O3, we can get that the interaction between NiM and γ-Al2O3 is electronic, the transferred charge between NiM and γ-Al2O3 as well as the d-band center of NiM can reflect the interaction of NiM with γ-Al2O3 well; the interaction between NiM and γ-Al2O3 affects the adsorption ability of catalyst to CO2 directly, the stronger the interaction of NiM with γ-Al2O3 is, the stronger of CO2 adsorption is; bimetal catalysts all show stronger CO2 adsorption than pure Ni catalyst except NiCu/γ-Al2O3, and NiFe catalyst shows the strongest adsorption ability to CO2.",1
"The microbial fuel cells(MFCs) were tested in batch mode at different temperatures of 20 ℃, 37 ℃, 45 ℃. Power density, electrode potential, electrochemical impedance were examined as a function of temperature. The temperature increased from 20 ℃ to 37 ℃, the peak power density enhanced by over 10.5 times from 53.35 mW/m2(275 mA/m2) to 610.5 mW/m2(2 775 mA/m2). In the temperature range between 20 ℃ to 37 ℃, the anode potential gradually decreased, while the anode polarization resistance decreased from 741.9 Ω to 42.4 Ω；elevated temperatures not only enhanced the power output, they also influenced the bioelectrocatalytic performance of MFCs. MFCs grown at elevated temperatures were more electrochemically active  than those at lower temperature. But too high operation temperature was disadvantageous to the perform of MFC. At the temperature of 45 ℃, the peak power density was just 171 mW/m2(600 mA/m2), which was far lower than 610.5 mW/m2 at temperature of 37 ℃;while anode polarization resistance increased from 42.4 Ω to 416.1 Ω. At 37 ℃, MFC displayed an optimum electrical chemistry performance. From the data, we proposed that the temperature was a crucial operational parameter in the yield of MFCs.",1
"Coal pyrolysis is the important basis of coal conversion and its essence is the process of free radicals reaction. The formation, transfer and stabilization of free radicals are essential for understanding the mechanism of coal pyrolysis process and the composition of products. The research method of free radicals in coal and the relation between the native free radicals and coal properties, and the research situation of the formation and transformation of free radicals in coal conversion process were summarized in details. Finally, based on the difficulties and challenges of investigation into coal free radicals, the study on coal-derived free radicals in the future development direction is presented.",1
,1
"By means of the fractional extraction method assisted by ultrasonic vibration, four gas coal samples with different deformation degree from Jinyuan coalmine, Shandong province extracted by three solvents, including benzene, carbon disulfide(CS2) and tetrahydrofuran (THF) under the condition of room temperature, and further the group compositions and chemical compositions of coal samples were measured by column chromatography method, ultimate and proximate analysis method. The results show that the extraction rate shows the increasing trend with the increasing of the deformation extent of coal body structure; under the effect of solvent extraction, the content of element C and H increase but that of element S and O decrease. The tendency is mainly caused by the change of the relative content of each element; as the deformation degree of coal body structure increases, the content of total hydrocarbon increases but the content of non-hydrocarbon decreases in the extracted gas coal. It shows the opposite trend of anthracite with different deformation degree. Although the coal body structure is different, the relative content of group composition of different solvent extraction in each coal sample shows a consistency tendency.",1
"The existence forms of the water contained in the two kinds of the lignites from Inner Mongolia, China were investigated by the methods of low temperature differential scanning calorimetry and constant temperature drying. The results show that the lignites contain the water with three different congelation characteristics, free water, bound water and nonfreezable water and the content of three waters is closely related to coal type. It is also found that the drying rate of the free water is much greater than that of the bound water. According to the existence form and congelation characteristics of the water contained in the lignites, it can be inferred that Datang Wujianfang lignite possess a larger ratio of micropore volume to total volume than that of Xilingol lignite and the ratio of micropore volume of the Chinese lignite is larger than that of Australia lignite. Meanwhile, it is verified by the porosity analyzing result that the ratio of micropore volume of Datang Wujianfang lignite is greater than that of Xilingol lignite and the result is consonant with the change in the congelation characteristics of the water contained in the lignite.",1
"In order to investigate the influence of flue gas temperature and particle size, an experiment was carried out to obtain the drying features of lignite particles at different initial gas temperature (600 ℃-900 ℃) and particle size (10 mm-25 mm). It was found that the falling-rate drying period was the main drying period. And the influence of flue gas on the drying was less significant during the high temperature (600 ℃-900 ℃) compared with the low temperature. Specific to the lignite drying process feature of water migration and pore characteristics, this kinetics model that the reducing of water was mainly resulted from evaporation out of coal particles drying was established on the basis of Knudsen diffusion law, and the effective diffusivity coefficient (De) of different flue gas temperature was calculated. At the same time, the activated energy for the moisture diffusion of different particle size(10 mm-25 mm) were calculated by applying Arrhenius type relationship.",1
"Yining coal was crushed to 5 mm-8 mm and heated up to 500 ℃, 600 ℃ and 700 ℃ under N2 atmosphere or CO2 atmosphere, respectively, in a fixed bed reactor through temperature programming. Seven species phenols in tar were identified and quantified by GC-MS. Effect of CO2 on distributive characters of pyrolysis products was investigated by comparing with the yield of products in N2 atmosphere. The results showed that CO2 atmosphere promoted Yining coal tar formation. At 700 ℃, total amount of phenolic compounds under N2 atmosphere was 1.3 times higher than that under N2 atmosphere. In addition, the production of 7 species phenolic compounds decreased with temperature increasing. CO2 atmosphere had effect on the ratio of phenolic species. The proportion of xylenols increased to 7.66% at 700 ℃.",0
"The product distributions of co-pyrolysis of biomass and coal are closely related to the operation conditions. Low-temperature co-pyrolysis of Eichhornia crassipes and low-rank coal blends were undertaken in a special fixed bed reactor by way of orthogonal experiments to explore the optimal way and improve the yields of pyrolysis oil. The results show that the logical progression of factors are as follows: final temperature＞proportion＞particle diameter＞heat preservation time. The maximum yield of pyrolysis oil is 11.70% when the EC ratio is 35%, the final temperature is 550 ℃, the particle diameter of EC is 0.355 mm-0.500 mm and the heat preservation time is 25 min, which increased by 3.36% compared with before. After optimization, the content of benzene reaches 63.17% supported by GC-MS, which rise by 81.99%. Ultimate analysis and heat value analysis indicates that there is little or no variation in n(H)∶n(C) and heat value of pyrolysis oil. The yield of pyrolysis oil has been increased without impairing the quality.",0
"Study on gasification characteristics of typical coal in Guizhou Province with high ash fusion temperature is carried out during plug flow. A corresponding gasification model which is based on the shrinking core model and the dynamic-diffusion model has been built in accordance with the boundary conditions of the experimental gasifier. The result shows that when the temperature increased form 1 200 ℃ to 1 500 ℃, the volume fraction of CO2 decreases by 15%, the volume fraction of CO increases by 16%, the volume fraction of H2 increases by 2%, the carbon conversion increases by 20%; at the same temperature, when the concentration of coal slurry increases by 5%, the volume fraction of CO increases by 3%, the concentration of H2 increases by 0.5%, the carbon conversion decreases by 1.5%. The calculated result is corresponding to the experiment result well. It is suggested that the concentration of coal slurry should be improved as high as possible, so that there will be more effective components of syngas.",1
Aspen Plus software is used to simulate the production system of syngas in Zhundong. The effect of some important operation parameters such as n(O)∶n(C) and the steam proportion of gasifying agent in coal gasifier on the gasification production has been studied. The differences in economical efficiency between Zhundong coal and bituminous coal are compared under the same gasifying conditions. The effect of sensible heat reclaiming of crude syngas on economical efficiency has been discussed. The result shows that the gasification economical efficiency of Zhundong coal is higher than bituminous coal but the integrated efficiency is opposite. Using sensible heat to heat the gasifying agent is better than quench process when the steam proportion of gasifying agent is high.,1
"A numerical simulation based on volume of fluid to simulate the impact process of gas jet in quench chamber of gasifier. The simulation results were compared with the results of experiments. The evolution process of scour pool has been obtained. Two parameters such as characteristic and characteristic radius were introduced. Research shows that the depth and the radius of scour pool present the trend of accelerating growth and becomes steady finally with the increasing of the velocity of gas jet. With the decreasing of the static submerged depth of downcomer outlet, the increase of depth and radius of scour pool presents relatively flat and these two parameters decrease.",1
"The coal object was obtained from Xigou in Xinjiang, tetralin as hydrogen donor and pulping solvent, the appropriate liquefaction conditions of Xigou coal was determined with orthogonal and single factor experiment. The result showed that the suitable liquefaction conditions was T=435 ℃, p=7 MPa, m(solvent)∶m(coal)=1.75∶1 and t=60 min, under this condition, η(oil)=75.33%. The effect on liquefaction of coal particle size and ultrasonic treatment were further discussed and carried on direct liquefaction experiment of Xigou coal after grinded with Colloid mill. The result showed that the particle size was 9.98 μm of grinded 1 h coal and oil yield was 59.96%; the particle size was 2.60 μm of grinded 2 h coal and oil yield was 60.03%; the particle size was 1.10 μm of grinded 3 h coal and oil yield was 60.02%; the particle size was 0.76 μm of grinded 4 h coal and oil yield was 60.06%. If the grinded coal after ultrasonic treatment were carried on direct liquefaction, coal of grinded 1 h, 2 h, 3 h, 4 h, the oil yield were 80.73%, 81.25%, 84.27% and 82.63% and increased 20.77%, 21.22%, 24.25% and 22.57% than without respectively.",0
"A comparison of two pathways on NO desorption reaction between the nitrogen-containing char edge model in armchair configuration and O2 was explained in this paper based on Mayer bond order theory and transition state theory at the molecular level. To release intermediate HCN firstly in the char combustion process was the first pathway for the formation of NO. Another pathway was to release NO from the reaction with O2 directly. The reaction energy and energy barrier of every step in the two pathways were calculated. The results show that the model’s Mayer bond orders of N2—C4 and C1—C3 are minimum so that it can extract HCN when the two bonds break. The energy barrier for this process to overcome is 451.671 kJ/mol. On the other hand in the process of direct oxidation to produce NO it can be found that the Mayer bond order of C1—N2 is minimum when the model’s Mayer bond order is calculated. NO can be desorpted in the end when the bond is break. The energy barrier from M1 to M2 to overcome is 259.81 kJ/mol. The energy barrier from M2 to NO is 133.1 kJ/mol. Therefore, the second pathway, which is to generate NO directly by the reaction between O2 and the selected char edge model, is relatively easy.",1
The representative stamping cokes were selected to investigate the reaction behavior of coke and CO2 at different temperature through the continuous thermal weight loss equipment in this paper. The results indicated that the conversion of reaction coke with CO2 was shown a linear rule to reaction time at the isothermal condition and 30% finally weight loss of coke. The reaction dynamic was according with zero level reaction and the apparent activity energy was about 89 kJ/mol-151 kJ/mol. There was a high correlation between pulverized degree of carbons solution loss and the apparent porosity and activity energy of cokes. The coke pulverization was main due to extended and opened pore.,1
"This paper presented the preparation of L-tar (light coal tar) fractions in a low temperature coal tar from Shanbei by vacuum distillation. Seven fractions containing <100 ℃, 100 ℃-170 ℃, 170 ℃-200 ℃, 200 ℃-240 ℃, 240 ℃-270 ℃, 270 ℃-300 ℃ and 300 ℃-340 ℃ were isolated. The composition and distribution of fractions were characterized by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). The results show that about 95%(mass fraction) of coal tar is obtained at 340 ℃ fraction. Fat hydrocarbon compounds are distributed in each fraction. Anthracene phenanthrene compounds are mainly enriched in 170 ℃-240 ℃ fraction. Low-boiling phenols are concentrated in the fraction of <100 ℃, and the content of phenols is about 45%, in which the contents of phenol and cresol are 7.46% and 13% respectively. High-boiling phenols were mainly distributed in 100 ℃-170 ℃ and 170 ℃-200 ℃ fractions. A few of low-boiling phenols and olefin are found in 270 ℃-300 ℃ and 300 ℃-340 ℃ fractions, may be caused by the thermal decomposition of long-chain alkane and high-boiling phenols at high temperature.",0
"The oxygen uncoupling and absorption properties of CuO oxygen-carrier for chemical-looping with oxygen uncoupling (CLOU) process were investigated using thermogravimetric analysis (TGA), including oxygen uncoupling properties under different oxygen partial condition, different heating rates, different temperatures and oxygen absorption properties of Cu2O at different temperatures. Then the resistance abilities were also tested in TGA. At the latter part of the paper, dyramic parameters of the CuO carrier were put into calculation and analysis applying Achar-Brindley-Sharp-Wendworth equation. According to the research results, it is found that the oxygen uncoupling rate was faster at higher reaction temperatures. And the oxygen uncoupling temperature rises with the increase of oxygen concentration, which is evidenced by the increasing apparent activation energy of CuO. As for Cu2O, oxygen absorption rate seems to be faster when temperature increases. In addition, the oxygen uncoupling and absorption properties of CuO oxygen-carrier decreases with the increasing cycle numbers.",1
"The effect of additives on the combustion characteristic and ash melting temperature of Chongqing Nantong high ash content bituminous coal under O2/CO2, O2/N2 atmosphere was studied by the thermogravimetric-differential analyzer and ash melting point tester. The experimental results show that CaCl2, Ca(OH)2 and CaCO3 can effectively enhance the activity of pulverized coal response surface and reduce the temperature of coal reaction activation energy, the igniting and the burnout. And these additives can improve coal combustibility index C and burnout index Cb as well. The ability of promoting effects is CaCl2＞Ca(OH)2＞CaCO3. CaCl2 can increase the heat quantity of unit pulverized coal, and improve the combustion efficiency of pulverized coal. Additive Ca(OH)2 and CaCO3 can significantly reduce the ash melting temperature, and increase the possibility of coal ash slagging. Therefore, CaCl2 has good comprehensive performance and it is an effective additive for inferior coal combustion.",1
"Adopting Taixi anthracite as raw material, the electrochemical performance as lithium ion secondary battery anode materials was studied in the different processing temperatures, the experimental results show the Taixi anthracite have a high reversible capacity calcined at 1 000 ℃-1 150 ℃ in low potential range of 0 V-0.12 V. The highest capacity of 370 mA·h/g was obtained with the Taixi anthracites calcined at 1 100 ℃. The large reversible capacity due to its hard carbon produced a certain amount after graphitization microporous, the specific surface area of the material was effectively improved, it was advantageous to the electrolyte and the spread of the electron.",1
"The percentage of volatile matter is higher in biomass than coal, the plant ash is in alkaline in carbide, and the content of potassium is higher. The effect of cow dung and straw on the performance of activated carbon was studied in this paper. The results of the study show that the straw and cow durg have important effect on the process of carbonization, the effect of straw is more superior to cow dung in adsorption capacity of carbide, the improvement of adsorption performance was significantly by the treatment of ash of carbide.",1
"A briquette was prepared with Shicaocun coal slime by cold-pressed process, single factor and orthogonal experiments were adopted to study the effect of the ratio of binder and coal blending on the briquette quality. The results show that adding a small amount of binder A or D could make the briquette having good cold strength. The ratio of coal blending and binder D were the main factors of briquette quality, high strength briquette “skeleton” could be cured with binder D and coal particles, but the briquette ash content increased and the calorific value reduced. Blended with raw coal would increase the coal slime briquette calorific value and reduce its ash content, but it also will reduce the briquette strength. Forming with coal slime, the optimum formulation was 5% binder A or 4% binder D. Forming with slime and raw coal, the appropriate ratio of coal blending was 8(slime)∶2(coal) and 7% binder D.",1
"The SO3/DCE system was proved to be a high reactive sulfonation reagent used to sulfonate HA under mild conditions. After optimization of the dosage of sulfonating agent, reaction time and temperature, the optimal conditions of sulfonation process was found to be as following, 1 g HA reacts with 1.28 g SO3 at 25 ℃ for 4 h. The successful substitution of —SO3H had been illustrated by FTIR, ultimate analysis and XPS. Compared with the traditional sulfuric acid method, the sulfonation effect of this new process was better, and the degree of —SO3H substitution increased 2-fold.",1
"A demonstrative experiment of 4 t/h coal-fired boiler is applied to make a burning test that using five kinds of coals, monitored the air pollutants emission in different conditions of coal property, and calculated the air pollutants emission coefficients of different coals. The results showed that under the same conditions, the boiler’s air pollutants emission is different to five kinds of coals. The produce concentration of dust smoke is between 328.86 mg/m3 and 3 634 mg/m3 while its emission concentration is from 30.26 mg/m3 to 72.91 mg/m3, the output of dust is 0.7 kg/h-11.7 kg/h and the emissions is 0.07 kg/h-0.31 kg/h. The formation concentration of SO2 is from 199 mg/m3 to 3 565 mg/m3 with the production of 0.83 kg/h-16.21 kg/h, its emission concentration is between 69 mg/m3 and 1 443 mg/m3 while its emissions is 0.34 kg/h-7.51 kg/h. The formation concentration of NOx is from 173 mg/m3 to 336 mg/m3 with the production of 0.75 kg/h-1.521 kg/h, while its emission concentration is between 159 mg/m3 and 371 mg/m3 with the emissions of 0.67 kg/h-1.93 kg/h. Generated concentration of SO3 at 0.000 4 mg/m3-0.001 5 mg/m3 and its emission concentration is 0.000 15 mg/m3-0.000 93 mg/m3. The experimental results also indicate that the concentrations of dust and SO2 are individually mainly related to ash content of coal and sulfur content of burning coal, but the concentration of NOx isn’t relevant to nitrogen content of coal. In addition, the discharging coefficients of SO2 and NOx are similar with national survey of pollution sources coefficients, while the dust emission coefficient is smaller.",1
"Mineral distribution in 14# Huolinhe coal was studied by means of reflection polarizing microscope and scanning electron microscopy (SEM). Float-sink analysis and maceral quantitative statistical method were used to study the distribution, occurrence and the organic affinity of 6 trace elements in 14# Huolinhe coal. The results show that the mineral content is higher in 14# Huolinhe coal, mainly illite clay minerals; content of trace elements As, Cr and Hg in coal is higher, other three trace elements on the contrary; trace elements As, Cr, Hg, Pb are enriched in minerals conspicuous, mainly for the inorganic state, and the organic affinity is low, the organic affinity degree of trace elements Cd, Se is higher than other 4 trace elements, trace elements Cd and Se basically uniform distribution in organic and mineral components.",1
"The pyrolysis of low rank coal (LRC), enteromorpha(EN) and their mixture were carried out in a special prolysis equipment. The experiments showed that the maximum tar yield of blends was 11.39% with an EN ration of 30%, which increased by 28.61% compared to LRC pyrolysis alone. At this time,the alkanes’ content was 48.66% and the phenolic was 9.12%, which was significantly higher than the content of the corresponding components of the original tar. The n(H)∶n(C) was increased by 9.87%. It indicated the pyrolysis tar became lighter on some degree. The contents of CH4 and H2 in the pyrolysis gas were increased. SEM analysis showed the surface of co-pyrolysis semi-coke became rough and formed obvious center cracks. The calorific value of co-pyrolysis semi-coke was higher than that of semi-coke which was from pyrolysis of LRC.",0
"To study the effect of temperature, drying degree and atmosphere on lignite oxygen-containing functional group and moisture absorption during low-temperature drying, the type and content of oxygen-containing functional group was determined by IR and chemical titration, and moisture absorption characterized by moisture holding capacity. The results showed that the content of carboxyl and phenolic hydroxyl were high in lignite. Phenolic hydroxyl content kept constant, and a small amount of carboxyl decomposed during low-temperature drying at an inert atmosphere. While, when drying at air atmosphere, the content of carboxyl and phenolic hydroxyl increased in consequence of oxidation. With the deepening of drying, MHC of lignite decreased and then increased.",1
"The heat of immersion of Baorixile lignite and its 500 ℃ pyrolysis semi-coke were measured at 25 ℃ in water by μRC micro-calorimeter. The results show that the heat of immersion of semi-coke does not depend on particle size, and the rate of immersed heat release increases with decreasing particle size. Moisture content has substantial influence on the heat of immersion of lignite or semi-coke: no immersed heat release is observed when the moisture content of lignite is more than 16%. When the moisture content of dry coal was less than 16%, the heat of immersion of dry coal increase with decreasing moisture content. The heats of immersion of fresh semi-coke are smaller due to oxidation and moisture adsorption. After 48 h exposure, the heat of immersion of oxidative semi-coke is lowered to 50% of that of fresh semi-coke. The heat of immersion drops to 12% of that of fresh semi-coke after 240 h exposure and remains this level under longer exposure time beyond 240 h. The lignite and semi-coke exhibit significant differences in surface functional groups, which are shown to account for the difference in heat of immersion.",1
"An original creation catalyst adding way was proposed and it can promote the catalytic depolymerization of coal. Based on that, we studied the product distribution and characteristics of catalytic depolymerization of coal. The results show that compared to coal pyrolysis, the catalytic depolymerization of coal can promote tar yield increasing by 26.88%, promote gas calorific value increasing by 30.79% and promote semi-coke surface increasing by 80.65%. It shows that coal catalytic depolymerization has a certain advantages compared to coal pyrolysis.",0
"Beisu coal was extracted with ethanol by Soxhlet extraction. Detailed characterizations of the extract were performed with Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectrometer and gas chromatography/mass spectrometer (GC/MS). The results show that 89 organic species were identified from the extract, and they can be classified into 4 groups components: aliphatic hydrocarbons, arenes, organic-oxygen compounds and other species. The arenes are the most abundant compounds whose relative content is 73.88%, and there are 65 arenes detected in the extractable fraction. The extraction mechanism was based on the formation of O—H…O, O—H…N and O—H…π hydrogen bonds interaction between ethanol and coal organic macromolecular network structure.",1
"In order to explore the catalytic activity of UCG waste water and test the feasibility of the underground coal gasification based on waste water, the catalytic gasification of Ulanqab lignite were carried out under different gasification pressure. The results show that the underground coal gasification waste water has beneficial catalytic effect. The carbon conversion increase from 80.19% to 89.82%. The gas yield increases from 4.2 m3/kg to 5.2 m3/kg, increased 23.8%. Following with the elevation of the reaction pressure, the carbon conversion and gas yield were reduced in different degree, the content of H2, CO and CO2 reduced also; but the content of CH4 continued to increase.",1
"The slurry properties, stability and an industrial gasification test of anthracite petroleum coke water slurry (APCWS) were studied. The results showed that the apparent viscosity of APCWS decreased as petroleum coke addition increased, the disparity of APCWS with naphthalene series of polymer additive was superior to that of lignosulfonate, and the stability of APCWS with lignosulfonate additive had better stability. The industrial gasification test results showed that both of the gasification temperature and limestone content of APCWS were lower than that of refined coal water slurry (RCWS), as well as the oxygen coal slurry ratio during the gasification process was lower. APCWS in test had high gasification reactivity, high carbon conversion and lower carbon content with gasification slag, and which had a better effect of filtering due to uniform particle size. The raw material cost of APCWS for one ton synthetic ammonia production lower than that of RCWS and the economic benefit was notable.",1
"Effect of straw ash on the gasification reaction of char by thermal infrared technology was studied. The results show that under the condition of experiment, the time of coal tar maximum gasification reaction rate shorten about 10 min with straw ash added, the time need to complete the gasification reaction shorten nearly 17 min; and the effect of straw ash on char gasification reactivity is closely related to the straw ash content, when adding amount is 30% the effect is best. Infrared spectrum analysis results show that the addition of straw ash have important influence on functional group structure on the surface of coal tar. Effect of straw ash on char gasification reactivity is realized by improving the surface physical and chemical properties of the coal tar.",1
"The coprocessing of Xinjian Heishan coal with medium temperature coal tar was evaluated with the coal liquefaction experiments in 0.5 L stirring autoclave. The effect of different medium temperature coal tar addition on coprocessing of Xinjian Heishan coal was investigated and compared with direct coal liquefaction. The results show that compared with Xinjiang Heishan coal liquefaction, coal tar coprocessing has the characteristics with high gas yield, hydrogen consumption, conversion and oil yield. The proper coal tar addition benefit coal conversion and oil yield. The optimum addition of coal tar is 5%. The coal conversion and oil yield are increased by 1.6% and 1.1% respectively. When the addittion is more than 20%, the oil yield is reduced. The proper coal tar addition can improve the coal conversion and oil yield and process coal tar. The economic efficiency of coal liquefaction plant is increased.",0
"In 50 L autoclave, pressure variation was studied at different reaction condition for coal and FCCS(fluid catalytic cracking slurry) co-processing. The results show that compared with Fe catalyst and without catalyst, reaction system has lowest reaction pressure and the highest pressure fall when using Mo catalyst. In addition, reaction temperature is lowest using Mo catalyst. Fe catalyst is the next. It shows that Mo catalyst is the better catalyst than Fe. The ratio of coal and FCCS doesn’t show obvious effect on reaction pressure. But reaction temperature shows the important effect on reaction pressure. When reaction temperature is at 400 ℃, pressure always decreases with reaction time, but with the increasing of reaction temperature, the pressure firstly decreases and then increases. The reaction time with pressure fall decreases with the increasing of reaction temperature. The pressure is always increases at constant reaction temperature under N2 atmosphere which result from polycondensation reaction.",1
"Using high temperature coal tar and long flame coal as the main raw material, the paper studied the hydrogenation reaction characteristics of coal processing with tar, and evaluated the pyrolysis properties of coal and high temperature coal tar by TG experiment. Using 500 mL mechanical agitator autoclave experiment, the internal pressure changing under different reaction temperature was studied and the reason was analyzed. The results showed that the internal pressure had the same change trend under different reaction temperature and the reaction was mainly divided into rapidhydrogenation reaction, equilibrium cleavage reaction and speed reducing condensation reaction three stages. The experiment studied the effect of hydrogen distribution changing before and after hydrogenation on the hydrogen donor capacity. The results showed that high temperature coal tar structure altered obviously after prehydrogenation as the content of Hα and Hβ improved. The coal tar performed better as hydrogen donor and promoted the hydrocracking reaction so that the oil yield increased 2% through autoclave experiment validation.",0
"In standard 20 L explosion sphere vessels, using chemical ignition, comparative study on combustion and explosion characteristics of coal-based diesel, military diesel -10 and military diesel -35 was performed. Using continued burning performance analyzer, the combustion performance of diesel was tested, and the burning performance at different temperatures was analyzed. The results show that the maximum explosion pressure and maximum temperature have a rising trend with the spray pressure increase. The maximum explosion pressure and maximum temperature of the coal-based diesel are bigger than that of military diesel -10 and military diesel -35. In unconstrained condition, the burning performance of the coal-based diesel is better than that of military diesel -10 and military diesel -35 to some extent. The experiments obtained the combustion and explosion parameters of the three kinds of diesel under different experimental conditions and carried out quantitative evaluated.",1
"To study the waste heat recovery effect of coke oven gas (COG), two kinds of spiral jacketed pipes at different diversion angle are used in 4.3 m high coke oven’s ascension pipes to test the temperature fluctuation and averaged heat transfer effect of COG. It shows that the temperature of COG fluctuate periodically with coking time. The maximum temperature can reach 825 ℃ and the temperature fluctuation of coke oven gas mainly affect the heat transfer capacity, but less affect the averaged heat transfer coefficient. When the volume flow of nitrogen is 190 m3/h and the temperature of N2 input is 30 ℃, the havg (average heat transfer coefficient) of 91# ascension pipe(diversion angle 4°) is 30.23 W/(m2·℃) and the havg of 92# ascension pipe(diversion angle 3°) is 25.2 W/(m2·℃). The heat transfer model was derived as the flow characteristic of COG and structure of experiment device. The prediction of the model matches the experimental data well, and the maximum relative error is controlled within ±20%.",1
"The gasification reaction behaviors of metallurgical coke and semi-coke were investigated by simulating the conditions of blast furnace. The microstructures of semi-coke were tested by SEM and LOM in order to explain the mechanism of reaction. It is shown that the beginning reaction temperature of semi-coke was low. The reaction rate of semi-coke was much higher than metallurgical coke, which increased quickly with the reaction temperature increasing. After alkali-rich, the alkalis could get into the inside of semi-coke, which lead to high reaction rate of semi-coke for long time. The microstructures of coke are compact which contains lots of mosaic textures. However, the microstructures of semi-coke which contains lots of isotropic texture are lamella in shape that resulted in large specific area. Therefore, the semi-coke was easy to react with CO2 at high temperature.",1
"The coke was prepared by cold pressing and dry distillation with the low rank pulverized coal powder as material , and the starch as the binder . The compressive strength,drop strength and strength after soaking compressive of coke and briquette were measured. The scanning electron microscopy(SEM) was adopted to analyze the type of briquette and coke microstructure. The impacts of the types of  starch, gelatinized starch, starch alkalizing on the strength of coke and briquette were analyzed.The results showed that the compressive strength of briquette (3 930 N/ball) was maximum with gelatinized starch as the binder. The high compressive strength (2 410 N/ball) and drop strength (49%) of coke were obtained with alkaline starch as the binder.",1
"In this paper, the desulfurization of Xinyang high-sulfur coking coal was developed with microwave and potassium permanganate. The effects of microwave irradiation power, irradiation time, the dosage of potassium permanganate and nitric acid on the desulfurization efficiency were studied detailedly, and the optimal experimental condition of Xinyang coal desulfurization by uniform design experimentation was reported in detail. The components of organic sulfur in coal was concluded by XPS analysis. So through the analysis of test results, the removal effects of various organic sulfur compounds with microwave and potassium permanganate were compared.",1
"The test of oxidation of SO2 under the effect of fly ash and pure oxide particles were conducted in a wet flue-gas desulfurization system. And different affecting factors including water temperature and oxygen concentration have been considered synthetically. The results indicate that the main elements in fly ash are Si, Al, Fe, and Ca etc.. And the main forms are SiO2, CaO, Fe2O3, Al2O3, mullite and plagioclase. The degree of SO2 oxidation has increased greatly when fly ash was added into the mixed gas. Regardless fly ash the degree of SO2 oxidation increase obviously with the increase of water temperature, but the increasment decrease. When there is no fly ash in the mixed gas, the degree of SO2 oxidation will increase greatly with the increase of oxygen concentration. However, the influences will disappear when the fly ash exist. The comparative results of experimental values and calculated values show that there are synergies between different oxides.",1
"In this paper, the changes of sulfur chemical forms in coal before and after microwave desulfurization combined with different leaching agent were analysed by XPS and FTIR. The results show that the sulphur exists in Xinyu clean coal in the forms of thiophene, R—O—S—S—R′ and inorganic sulfur; the desulfurization rate of microwave combined with HAc+H2O2 was significantly higher than that of NaOH. After microwave desulfurization combined with  HAc+H2O2, the content of thiophene and R—O—S—S—R′ reduced significantly, and diphenyl oxide sulfur and ferric sulfate were generated. After microwave desulfurization combined with NaOH, the content of thiophene and R—O—S—S—R′ reduced, while ferric sulfate and inorganic sulfur were increased. Meanwhile, the mechanism was discussed.",1
"In this paper, burn-off rate and nitrogen oxides release during three kinds of typical bituminous coals combustion with five kinds of metallurgical industrial wastes were studied by using laboratory-scale drop tube furnace combustion system, and the combustion mechanism was discussed. The results showed that the coal types played an important role in the catalytic properties, additive amounts could affect catalytic properties, additive amounts were not the bigger the better. In this work, steel slag was applicable for coal of lower metamorphic degree, desulfurization slag had certain catalytic combustion effects, manganese tailings were applicable for coal of low metamorphic degree and chromium slag was applicable for coal of higher degree of metamorphism. The additives could affect the release of nitrogen oxides, coal types and additives amounts had important influence on denitration effects. Based on the electron microscope scanning of combustion residue, it was found that the appearance of combustion residue with additives were like honeycomb, X-ray diffraction analysis showed that the additives changed the composition of the combustion residues.",1
"Based on the removal capacity of SO2 by [BPy]Br/AC, the effect of different composition, which were water vapor, oxygen, carbon dioxide and the combination of oxygen, carbon dioxide and water vapor, of the simulated flue gas on the removal capacity of SO2 of the esulfurizer was studied at the same loading ratio (0.36∶1) and a fixed carrier mass (4 g) .The results suggestted that, there was a competition reaction at the presence of water vapor, oxygen, carbon dioxide and SO2; water vapor and carbon dioxide had a significant negative effect on the desulfurizer, the effect of oxygen was relatively weak, within the given condition.",1
"The slica sand in the annulus of spouted bed move downwards in the form of moving bed. The heat coefficient between the draft tube surface and the moving bed were measured by the assembled heat probe. The electric power of the assembled heat probe is regulated by voltage regulation. The paper has mainly studied the effects of voltage,flow rates of loose gas and different axial position of bed on heat coefficient. The experiment was carried out at room temperature and atmosphere pressure. The spouted bed with draft tube was made of organic glass. The average heat transfer coefficient between the moving bed and the buried tube surface is 300 W/(m2·K-1)-400 W/(m2·K-1).",1
"Taking Naomaohu coal as research object, raw coal (RC) was divided into three solid products, which were residue (RD), deposit (DP) and soluble (SL), using high temperature and pressure extraction apparatus. The effects of the coal addition, temperature, coal particle size and solvent type on the extraction yields of SL and DP were investigated. Proximate and ultimate analysis, TG-DTG and FTIR analysis were determined. The results showed that when the dosage of solvent was certain, with the amount of coal adding, the yield of DP increased, the yield of SL decreased slightly; temperature increase promoted extraction of SL and DP, and at higher temperature than 375 ℃, the yield of SL increased rapidly because of large pyrolysis reaction; coal particle size had little influence on extraction; tetralin and 1-MN choosed as solvents, the total yield of SL and DP was similar, which was higher than that choosed toluene as solvent. Hydroxyl substance and aliphatic hydrocarbon contents of RC were mainly collected in SL and DP, ash content was mostly collected in RD, the moisture content of RD, DP and SL was far below that of RC.",0
"The structural characteristics of vitrinite and inertinite were studied using FTIR experiments in combination with subsection peak separation method and structural parameters contrast. The results of subsection peak separation: vitrinite and inertinite have something in common in the distribution of hydroxyl type, but different for proportion of every hydroxyl type; vitrinite is characterized by higher CH2, CHx and C=O proportions as well as lower R3CH, C=C and —O— proportions than inertinite; the mode of distribution of aromatic hydrogen of inertinite is more than that of vitrinite, suggesting more relative complicated substitution mode of aromatic in inertinite. The results of structural parameters contrast: inertinite is characterized by higher aromaticity and ring condensation index and condensation ratio, as well as lower parameter of degree of oxidation of organic matter, n(Hal)∶n(Har) and aliphatic ratio than vitrinite. It indicates that there are higher degree of aromatization, shorter relative length of aliphatic chain, more abundance of aliphatic branch chain, and lower degree of oxidation of organic matter in inertinite than in vitrinite.",1
"This article investigated the changes of surface functional groups of coal and their effect on the activity of coal oxidation by pre-oxidation treatment of anthracite, using TPD-MS, TG-DTA and other characterization methods. The results indicated that oxidant treatment can change the surface functional groups of coal in different degrees. Hydrogen peroxide and sodium hypochlorite treatment have little effect on the activity of oxidation reaction, while the nitric acid treated anthracite has a high low-temperature oxidation reaction activity. According to the variation of coal surface groups, we can infer that oxygen-containing groups in anthracite such as carboxyl significantly improve the low-temperature oxidation activity of coal. The alkyl does not have an obvious effect on low-temperature oxidation activity of coal, but has a certain influence on the coal oxidation reaction heat.",1
"For the study of adsorption characteristics of surfactants on the surfaces of oxidized coal and its influence on coal surface wettability, the effects of solution temperature, initial concentration, pH value and adsorption time on the cationic surfactant cetyltrimethyl amonium bromide (CTAB) adsorbing capacity on the oxidized coal surface were investigated. The influence of CTAB adsorption on the oxidized coal surface wettability modification was studied. The obtained results show that enhancement of CTAB solution temperature and initial concentration can increase the adsorbance of CTAB on the oxidized coal surfaces. It was observed that the optimum pH value for the adsorption process of CTAB on coal surfaces was range from pH 5 to pH 7. It was proved that the adsorption capacity of CTAB on coal surfaces increased with a rise in the amount of oxygen containing functional groups for all the studied samples. The adsorption of CTAB on the oxidized coal surfaces leads to a very significant change of the contact angle change with time from the sharp decrease into slight decrease, as well as equilibrium contact angle changed from 0° to 70° and moisture re-absorption decline. These changes are attributed to the wettability alteration from hydrophilicity to hydrophobicity of CTAB adsorption on the coal surfaces.",1
"To explore systematicly the effect of microwave power, pyrolysis time, particle size of coal samples and hydrogen flow rate on the yield and composition of microwave pyrolysis products of low rank coal, it was suggested to carry out the co-pyrolysis experiment of the low rank coal under hydrogen atmosphere through the single factor experiment in the customized microwave oven. The results indicated that the yield of the blue-coke and liquid products were up to 59.8% and 28.2% respectively when the optimal process conditions with the microwave power of 800 W, pyrolysis time of 40 min, coal samples particle size of 5 mm-10 mm and hydrogen flow rate of 0.4 L/min was selected. The content of alkane hydrocarbons in the coal tar obtained by microwave pyrolysis of coal was up to 45.2%. The content of functional groups with phenolic hydroxyl and carbonyl in the blue-coke was higher relatively, and the content of fixed carbon was higher, the content of sulfur and volatile matter were lower.",0
"Sunjiacha (SJC) coal in Northern Shaanxi and polypropylene plastic (PP) were co-pyrolyzed. Pyrolysis productions were analyzed by FTIR, SEM and gas analyzer. Influences of microwave powers on the contents of the production were studied at 800 ℃ (terminal temperature). The results showed that the ash content in the coke decreased gradually, volatile content increased and the other element content was basically constant with the decrease of the microwave power. The content of CO and H2 reduced, the content of CH4 rised and the content of CnHm and CO2 was constant as the microwave power decreased. Alkane, olefin content in the tar decreased and aromatic hydrocarbon content increased with the increase of the microwave power.",0
"The low-temperature pyrolysis of Shangwan coal (particle size 3 mm-6 mm) was studied using TG-FTIR. The results showed that the maximum water loss rate was 1.1%/min-1.2%/min at 130 ℃. Shangwan coal was totally dried from room temperature to 250 ℃ at constant speed of 10 ℃/min. The yield of weight loss increased and severe pyrolysis reaction occurred with the rising of temperature. The release of CO2, H2O, CH4 and light hydrocarbons (LHCs) occurred in the pyrolysis stage. The release yield increased with the increase of pyrolysis temperature. The release of CO existed only in the pyrolysis process of the final temperature of 750 ℃and 850 ℃. The notable release of LHCs appeared before 650 ℃, and the maximum yield of LHCs reached 38.5 mg at 750 ℃, but obviously decreased at 850 ℃ due to the critical thermal polymerization.",0
"Three strains (a bacteria named N6, a fungi named M6 and an actinomycete named G1) were cultivated, and an orthogonal biosolubilization test was done with these strains and five different coals.Then,with the method of Pearson test, the correlation between coal biosolubilization, vitrinite reflectance and coal component was analyzed. The results show that the lower vitrinite reflectance is, the better coal biosolubilization is. The more vitrinite and minerals group coal has, the easier to be dissolved. The smaller content of liptinite and inertinite coal has, the better coal solubility is. Especially, biosolubilization of coal is greater influenced by vitrinite reflectance.",1
"Based on Aspen Plus simulation software，thermodynamics of carbon deposition was investigated for syngas methanation, and the diagnosis diagram of carbon deposition were obtained. The results show that when the mole ratio of H and O in the raw material is less than 5, the higher the temperature is, the more likely the carbon deposit, and when the ratio is greater than 5, the result is on the contrary. For the raw material that varies in proportion of hydrogen, oxygen and carbon, the effect of pressure on the carbon deposition is different. For Topsoe syngas methanation process, because the compositions of the outlet gas in the starting reactor and the last reactor (the first reactor and the fifth reactor) are at the range of carbon deposition in the corresponding temperatures, it’s probable to deposit carbon, but it can be reduced or eliminated by adjusting the ratio of water vapor.",1
"X-ray powder diffractometry, ICP-AES and slag melting property deteminator were used to investigate chemical composition, phase composition, high-temperature phase composition, fusibility and viscosity-temperature characteristics of five kinds of gasification slags, and phase composition evolution and the changes of viscosity-temperature were studied by quenching at high temperature and simulating of FactSage. The results show that the main chemical composition of gasification slags are SiO2, Al2O3, CaO, Fe2O3 and residual carbon. Under high temperature conditions, phases of five different gasification slags vary because of the difference of the chemical composition. As the temperature rises, molten slags are turned into amorphous phase gradually. The measured value and calculated value of slag viscosity are basically consistent, CaO-Al2O3-SiO2 ternary phase diagrams and viscosity-temperature curve drawn by phase diagram of FactSage can be well use to explain the high-temperature phase evolution and viscosity-temperature characteristics of gasification slag.",1
"Lignite char-supported Fe and Fe-Cu sorbents for coke oven gas desulfurization by means of ultrasonic method. The effects of temperature and optimal preparation process on their properties during sulfidation were studied. The physical and chemical properties of the sorbents were analyzed by X-ray diffraction (XRD), scanning electron microscope (SEM) and Fourier transform infrared (FTIR), respectively. The results of desulfurization experiments show that ultrasonic-assisted irradiation optimum condition of preparing sorbent are 5 h for ultrasonic impregnation time, 1 h for co-precipitation time and ultrasonic water bath temperature is 50 ℃ (the experimental ultrasonic cleaner power is 100 W), respectively. The char supported iron-based sorbents can simultaneously remove the H2S and COS from coke oven gas with high desulfurization efficiency. As the increased temperature, the desulfurization efficiency and sulfur capacity of the sorbents increased obviously, and the highest sulfur capacity can be reached when the temperature is 400 ℃. Moreover, the addition of Cu into iron-based sorbents can obviously improve desulfurization efficiency.",1
"This paper investigated the effect of particle size distribution, slurry stirring and ambient temperature on the properties of coke water slurry, which was prepared by blue-coke fines in Northern Shaanxi. The blue-coke samples were ground with a laboratory size ball mill, and the particles were screened and separated into the following size range: ＞320 mesh(D1), 320 mesh-200 mesh(D2), 200 mesh-120 mesh(D3), 120 mesh-60 mesh(D4). The results indicated that the optimum conditions for the preparation of coke water slurry were as following: the granularity ratio (D1∶D2∶D3∶D4) is 5∶2∶2∶1; the stirring speed is 1 500 r/min; the stirring time is 15 min; the surrounding temperature at a range of 30 ℃ to 40 ℃. Under conditions above the slurry could keep its stability for one month long and show good fluidity, the mass fraction reached 60% and the apparent viscosity could reach 360 mPa·s. When adding fine-grained blue-coke particles, the apparent viscosity improved, fluidity reduced, and the stability reinforced. Excessive agitation had a contrary influence on the pulp, which would lead to poor fluidity and aging slurry. Along with the increase of temperature, apparent viscosity of coke water slurry decreased firstly and then rose up, as a result, got the minimum value(360 mPa·s) in the range of 30 ℃ to 40 ℃.",1
"In this study, three different biomass including pine sawdust, peanut shell and straw combined with the coking coal were carbonized in fixed bed reactor. The mass fraction of biomass was 0%, 3%, 6%, 9% and 12%, respectively. The experimental results indicated that the mass fraction of pine sawdust, peanut shells and straw increased from 0% to 12%, the yield of char reduced from 75.39% to 66.29%, 68.40% and 67.39% respectively. At the same time, the yield of tar increased from 6.88% to 12.98%, 12.16% and 11.42%. As for gas, the yield improved from 13.64% to 15.63%, 15.27% and 16.97%. Moreover, there is a deviation between experimental value and calculated value of the co-carbonization product yield. Hence, it can be concluded that synergetic effect was occurred during the co-carbonization process. When biomass was added into coking coal, the content of CO and CO2 in coke gas was improved, while the H2 and CH4 were decreased.",0
"Soda residue was added to Lüjiatuo coking coal with different blending ratios and cokes were then prepared from these blended coal samples. The thermal properties of these cokes at different reaction temperatures (850 ℃-1 200 ℃) were investigated. The results show that the addition of soda residue enhances coke reactivity and lowers the starting temperature of solution loss reaction of coke. The carbon loss amount at the maximum of surface area of coke after reaction increases with the increase of adding amount of soda residue, which shows that addition of soda residue increases the active points of solution loss reaction of coke; the SEM study shows that addition of  soda residue has little effect on the micro-morphology of coke before reaction. However, soda residue can promote the solution loss of coke surface, control the solution loss of internal coke, which would slow down the degradation of cokes.",1
"A dynamic reactivity of particulate coke analyzer was described. Mathematical models for the solution loss rate and the dynamic reactivity of particulate coke were derived from the CO2 content in the exhaust after reaction. Two kinds of industrial cokes with different reactivity were selected to carry out the solution loss reaction test. The relative standard deviation of the reactivity index of particulate coke (PRI) is less than 0.5%. The relative error of PRI derived from the mathematical model is less than 1%. The chemical reaction control, mixed control and internal diffusion control during the solution loss reaction process were verified through the solution loss rate curves of cokes. And the characteristics of the solution loss reaction of two kinds of industrial cokes were identified using the mathematical model. The analysis of solution loss rate of coke revealed the relationship between the coke reactivity index (CRI) and reactivity index of particle coke (PRI).",1
"Mesocarbon microbeads (MCMB) were prepared via pyrolysis condensation of coal-tar pitch modified with formaldehyde. The microstructure and electrochemical properties were investigated using scanning electron microscope (SEM), X-ray diffraction (XRD) and battery tester. The results indicate that MCMB treated by high temperature can effectively improve the ordering degree of carbon atoms arranged and microcrystalline structure in MCMB. With the increase of heat treatment temperature, reversible capacity, irreversible capacity and first charge capacity of MCMB decreased, coulombic and charge-discharge efficiency increased, and cycle performance enhanced. The charge-discharge capacity of MCMB heat-treated at 1 400 ℃ was the highest, and the cycle performance was the excellentest.",1
"The kaolinite dehydroxylation characteristic of coal gangue was studied by thermogravimetric analysis, the crystal phases of calcination coal gangue was tested by X-ray diffraction, and the kaolinite dehydroxylation kinetics of coal gangue was analyzed by Coats and Redfern method. The results showed that temperature range of kaolinite dehydroxylation in coal gangue was 400 ℃-800 ℃. The weight loss rate of dehydroxylation reached a maximum at 650 ℃. The temperature at which the weight loss occured shifted higher as the heating rate increased. The XRD signal of kaolinite in calcination coal gangue(650 ℃, 1 h) disappeared and phase transformation from kaolinite to metakaolinite completed. Mechanical function ([(1-y)-1/3-1]2) agreed with experimental data. The overall activation energy(EA) was 231.55 kJ/mol and pre-exponential factor(A) was 3×1011 s-1.",1
"The gangue was treated with mechanical activation and microwave-assisted radiation in order to increase the extraction of titanium. The effects of liquid-solid ratio, microwave extraction time and temperature in the initial reaction medium were investigated. In order to optimize procedure for extraction, single factor experiments and the orthogonal design were performed. In condition of the liquid-solid ratio 1.5, microwave radiation power 800 W, microwave extraction time 90 min and dissolution temperature 75 ℃, the extraction of titanium was 79.85%. Meanwhile, X-ray diffraction (XRD), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) were used to analyze the extraction of samples, the results indicated that the titanium mainly crystallized as Ti(SO4)2 phase in these products.",1
"The activated carbon(AC) used for separating coalmine gases were modified by replenishing CO2 with Fe served as the catalyst. The effects of nFe∶nC, activation temperature, CO2 flow and activation time on the pore structure of AC and the adsorption of CH4 were investigated. The results showed that the best condition was correspondingly: 0.12, 650 ℃, 3.0 L/min and 1.5 h. Pore structures and the specific surface area of AC after the physical modification were enhanced, particularly the mesopores with diameter from 5 nm to 9 nm. Under the condition of 107 kPa and the same separation factor, the saturated CH4 adsorption of modified AC was 16.55% higher than that of the original ones.",1
"Zeolite X/activated carbon composite was prepared from elutrilithe and pitch power, phenolic resin was used as carbon deposition material to adjust the pore structure of the composite, and the effect of carbon deposition numbers on the pore structure and gas adsorption separation ability of the composite material was investigated. The crystalline and pore structure of the samples were characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD), adsorption isotherms of N2 and CO2 at 77 K and 273 K. CH4 and N2 uptakes on the composites were determined for pressures up to 101 kPa at 298 K. The results show that the micropore structure of zeolite X/activated carbon composite is regulate finely after carbon deposition. With the increase of the carbon deposition numbers, the micropore surface area and the micropore volume decrease shapely, CH4 and N2 uptakes on the composites decrease, but the separation ratio of CH4/N2 increase. The separation ratio of CH4/N2 reaches 2.7, attribute to the micorpore of 0.45 nm-0.55 nm increase for the forth carbon deposition.",1
"The solid state high resolution 13C CP /MAS NMR technology was employed to analyze five kind different coalifications of ten new coal samples. The resulting spectrums of the structural parameters were studied after peak separation. It revealed the forms of various functional groups in coal and their inherent relationship with different coalification. It also expanded the structural evolution of functional groups. The results showed that the aliphatic and aromatic carbon content made up a complementary relationship, that is, with the degree of coalification deepens, fat carbon ratio decreased, and aromatic carbon ratio increased. With the increasing of the coalification degree, aromatic carbon and oxygen pick collateral aromatic carbon content had a decreasing trend, while carbon content of oxygen by lipids increased. Other structural parameters were not notable, and it was influenced by coalification degree, tectonic stress, and destruction type and so on.",1
"Xigou coal sample from Xinjiang Zhundong field were swelled by cavitated creosote oil as solvent at the condition of natural and microwave. Combined with peakfit software and FTIR spectra, the characteristics of the molecular structure of raw coal sample and the effect of swelling the sample in the natural and microwave on its molecular structures were analyzed with qualitative and semi-quantitative. Results of FTIR analysis were that: 1) three coal samples can be divided into four region which were 3 600 cm-1-3 100 cm-1 hydroxyl group, 3 000 cm-1-2 800 cm-1 aliphatic, 1 800 cm-1-1 000 cm-1 oxygen-containing groups and 900 cm-1-700 cm-1 aromatic bonds; 2) the peeling off order of five kinds of hydrogen groups exsisted in coal molecular structure was: cyclic OH<OH—π<self-associated OH<OH—N<OH—ether O; 3) compared with raw coal sample, in the natural swollen coal sample, the contents of asymmetric aliphatic —CH2 increased 88.76%, —CH decreased 65.42%, oxygen-containing group and aromatic unchanged, one and two adjacent H deformation all deceased nearly 50%, three and four adjacent H deformation increased 150% and 57%, respectively, which indicated that the chain connected with benzene ring break; 4) compared with natural swollen coal sample, in the microwave swollen coal sample, the contents of —CH3 and —CH increased 2.7 and 3.6 times, respectively, oxygen-containing group increased, benzene ring structure changed a little, aromatic decreased, which indicated that microwave radiation could enhance the dissolution of solvent to the aromatic.",1
"In order to investigate the characteristics of microwave pyrolysis of Shenmu coal(SM) under CH4 atmosphere in a fixed bed reactor, the char of SM was added to the raw coal as the microwave absorbent and catalyst CH4 decomposition, the formation and distribution of products in the process of microwave pyrolysis of coal-char mixture(CCM) at various temperatures(450 ℃-700 ℃) under CH4 atmosphere were analyzed and compared with that under N2 atmosphere at the same condition. The results showed that the char yield of CCM under CH4 atmosphere was lower than that under N2 atmosphere; however, microwave pyrolysis of coal under CH4 atmosphere had higher tar and water yield than that under N2 atmosphere. Under CH4 atmosphere, the CCM had higher H2 and CO yield but less CO2 yield compared with N2 atmosphere. In the comprehensive comparison of the generation and distribution of microwave pyrolysis products between the two kinds of atmosphere, it could prove that coal pyrolysis could be hedrogenated by CH4 directly with the help of char’s catalytic effect on CH4 decomposition.",0
"Rapid co-pyrolysis behavior of bituminous coal with two types of biomass, pine sawdust (lignin-rich) and cornstalk (cellulose-rich) was carried out in a fixed bed reactor. The oil and gas products from pyrolysis were subsequently analyzed. The results showed that there was a synergy effect between bituminous coal and two biomass samples during co-pyrolysis process. During co-pyrolysis, the yield of volatile matter increased compared to the calculated values. The most significant change was observed in case of pine sawdust. The concentration of guaiacols in tar from pine sawdust and bituminous coal co-pyrolyssis increased significantly up to 25.89% compared to the calculated values, especially at 400 ℃ and pine sawdust ratio of 80%. The concentration of phenols in co-pyrolysis tars was increased compared to the calculated values, while the concentration of PAH and hydrocarbons was significantly decreased. There seemed to be a shift of oil components towards the smaller molecular weight products.",0
"The pyrolysis experiments were carried out on lignite and biomass. The char characteristics, such as yield, proximate components, calorific value and surface texture were studied under the condition of different pyrolysis temperature and mixture ratio of lignite and biomass. Results showed that these characteristics of char were influenced by the ratio of biomass and pyrolysis temperature in a complicate way during the process of flash pyrolysis, due to the constitute and character of lignite and biomass. But the overall trend was that high char yield and calorific value could be got and ash content in char reduced through controlling suitable pyrolysis temperature and suitable biomass ratio (the ratio less than 50%).  When the biomass blending ratio was 50%, the pyrolysis temperature was 600 ℃, the char yield of pyrolysis products was 52.1%, and the heating value of char was 23.75 MJ/Kg. Compared with single pyrolysis of lignite, surface texture of char were improved by adding biomass, and pore of char increased, which were benefit to increase adsorbability and reactiveness.",0
"In this study, systematic experiments on microwave co-pyrolysis of biomass and Shenhua lignite using a modified domestic microwave oven were carried out. The effects of ratio of microwave absorbant to biomass and coal, microwave output power and pyrolysis time were investigated. Pyrolysis products at different conditions were analyzed using GC-MS, SEM and FTIR before and after pyrolysis. The results showed that lignite and biomass conversion during co-pyrolysis increased with increasing the ratio of microwave absorbant to biomass and coal, microwave power and pyrolysis time. The microwave co-pyrolysis is an effective way of thermo-chemical conversion of biomass and lignite.",0
"In order to obtain the feasibility of in-situ CO2 gasification of high moisture content lignite. A moving bed tubular experimental reactor, which used for the in-situ CO2 gasification of undriedlignite, was built. The effects of temperature and CO2 flow rate on the product yield, gas composition, low heating value of gas and other evaluations for gasification were investigated. Experimental results showed that the gasification of lignite with in-situ steam and CO2 was carried out simultaneously. As the CO2 flow rate was 1.1 L/min, the gas yield and carbon conversion rate heightened significantly with the increase of gasification temperature. The increase of CO2 flow rate enhanced CO2 gasification of the nascent char, which increased the gas yield and carbon conversation rate and the gas total calorific value also increased accordingly. The experimental results proved that high moisture content lignite in-situ CO2 gasification process is an effective methodology for the clean and efficient utilization of lignite.",1
"On the basis of component and property, extraction of liquefaction residue from Shenhua coal with distillation coal liquefaction oil (CLO) and washing oil were investigated. It was found that extract yield of residue was about 22.85% (dry found) with CLO (distillation point at 137 ℃-213 ℃) at 30 ℃ and solvent and residue mass ratio of 2∶1. Meanwhile, extract yield of residue was 44.63% with washing oil (distillation point at 230 ℃-317 ℃). Two step solvent extract separation of residue with CLO and washing oil was investigated, extract and remain were obtained. The application of extract and remain in use of coal direct liquefaction recycle solvent and coal water slurry were also studied exploratory.",0
"The physic-chemical properties of coal direct liquefaction residues (DLR) was studied, and the production behaviors of liquid phase products during the pyrolysis of DLR at 300 ℃-425 ℃ was also investigated. The results showed that the n-hexane soluble (HS) content of DLR was up to 40.45% and the asphaltene content was 24.14%. Compared with the DLR through reduced pressure distillation, the DLR contained more HS and fewer asphaltene. The HS of DLR was mainly composed of 1-4 ring arenes and kinds of heteroatomic compounds like phenol, anthraquinone, ester and carbazole, and the content of aliphatic hydrocarbon was rather low. When the pyrolysis temperatures were 400 ℃ and 425 ℃, the yield of HS was 7.61% and 10.10% higher than that of HS in DLR, which meant that most of the asphaltene transformed into HS with small molecules under the conditions of this paper. It indicates that low temperature pyrolysis is a feasible and economic method to realize the high value-added utilization of DLR.",0
"FeOOH and Si/Al modified FeOOH catalysts were synthesized by a precipitation-oxidation method. The microstructures and morphologies of catalysts were characterized by BET, XRD, SEM, and TG-DTG. The coal liquefaction catalytic performances of the modified catalysts were evaluated in a 500 mL autoclave using Shendong coal. The results showed that the crystalline phases changed from α-FeOOH and γ-FeOOH to amorphous ferrihydrite (6-line) along with the amount of Si increasing. The aggregation was detected when the catalyst was doped with more than 5%Si. The modification by Si didn’t change the decomposition temperatures of FeOOH phases, but could reduce the weight loss in TG tests. Al could substitute with Fe to form Al-substituted FexAl1-xOOH, while increasing the decomposition temperatures of FeOOH phases in TG-DTG tests. The direct coal liquefaction results showed that Si and Al modified catalysts maintained the high coal conversion, reduced the H2 consumption and promoted the asphalt converting to oil thus improved the oil yield. The optimal amount of Si and Al was 5% and 10%-15%, respectively.",1
"The surface mophology, micropore structure and ash content of coke were studied after heat-treatment at 1 100 ℃, 1 200 ℃, 1 300 ℃, 1 450 ℃, 1 600 ℃ and 1 800 ℃. The results showed that the changes of micopore structure and ash content were greatly related to that of treating temperatures. With the increasing of heat-treatment temperature, ashes continuously dissolved to the surface of cokes, which reached the most amount at 1 300 ℃. When the treating temperature exceeded 1 300 ℃, ashes began to escape from coke, which resulted in the decling of ash content. And the ash content decreasing began to accelerate under higher temperature. The volumes and BET surfaces of micropores decreased first, then increased slowly and finally increased fastly to a bigger magnitude.",1
The vitrinite of 6 kinds of coking coals were enriched in order to describe the relative active quality difference of different ranks coking coals more accurately. The relationship between the caking index (G values) of different degrees of metamorphic coking coals and the vitrinite contents was investigated. The results showed that G values were increased with the increase of the vitrinite contents and it showed a significant linear relationship. The reciprocal of the slope (1/k) and Y intercept (y0) by fitting the linear equation could be used as new indexes to evaluate the activity quality of vitrinite. These indexes fitting by Gauss curve model could describe accurately the change rules of coking coal vitrinite activity quality with the increase of the average maximum reflectance of vitrinite.,1
"A series of air-blown pitches with different softening points were prepared from the refined coal tar. The air-blown pitches and the refined coal tar were analyzed by 1H-NMR, elemental analysis, group composition, ash and true density measurement. The results show that the air blowing promotes the dehydrogenative condensation reaction and the cross-linking reaction. As changing the oxidation level, the softening point, composition and structure of the air-blown pitches changes. Calcined coke can be produced by the pyrolysis of the air-blown pitches. The good quality isotropic coke could be prepared by selection of suitable air-blown pitches as raw materials.",1
"The fluorescence parameters (IF,max, IF,450, IF,470) for 13 kinds of coking coals with different coal ranks were determined using the three-dimensional scanning fluorescence spectroscopy. The relationships between fluorescence parameters and caking properties (caking index G, Gieseler fluidity lgα and Audibert-Arnu dilatometer b) were analyzed. The results show that IF,max, IF,450 and IF,470 have little difference with the increase of G (G<90), and increase linearly with the increase of G (G>90). The relationship of these fluorescence parameters with the fluidity is similar with G, and the turning point is lgα=3.0. Therefore, the fluorescence parameters are new index to evaluate the caking properties for the strongly caking coals. The fluorescence parameters first increase then decrease with the increase of b and the maximum is 195%.",1
"Co-pyrolysis characteristics of four kinds of coals (Huangling coal, Checun coal, Hecaogou coal and Hepan coal) were studied in a dry distillation equipment. The article has systematically investigated influencing factors of four kinds of coals from retention time, carbonization temperature and heating rate. Calorific value of char was tested with temperature varied, and the char shapes at different temperature were observed by SEM scanning. The results showed that the rising temperature had the greatest in fluence on the yield of Checun coal. The low calorific value of Hecaogou coal was increased by 23.4% when temperature reached 550 ℃. At the same time, the structure of the char became closer and its reactivity decreased. Changed heating rate had the greatest influence on the char of Checun coal, which decreased from 84.29% to 81.54%. While the carbonization product of four kinds coals were hardly affected by varying final temperature.",0
"In order to further improve the quality of low-temperature co-pyrolysis oil of biomass and coal, the research of adding different quality of char to low-temperature co-pyrolysis of wild crassipes (EC) and low rank coal (LC) was undertaken in an home-made dry distillation equipment. The results show that the yield of pyrolysis oil is 11.16% with char ratio of 30%, which decreased by 4.62% compared with the basic experiment without char (11.70%). The pyrolysis oil was detected by GC-MS. The results indicate that straight-chain alkanes increased by 15.53% in the pyrolysis oil (27.256 6%) compared with the oil without char (23.593 6%). The content of carbonyl compounds and benzene and its derivatives decreased obviously, which shows that the addition of char improved the quality of the pyrolysis oil significantly, realizing the convertion to a light fraction of low-temperature coal tar to a certain extent.",0
"The phenol adsorption of active coke from lignite was investigated. The cokes from the pyrolysis of lignite under different preparation conditions were activated with the agency of steam in a quartz fixed bed. The phenol adsorption experiments were conducted with cokes from different preparation conditions and after that the iodine value as well as the methylene blue adsorbance was achieved according to the national standards. The results indicated that proper preparation conditions were reasonable for active coke phenol adsorption. The steam flow could enhance the number of micropores and mesopores equally while the other two factors tend to singly change the number of micropores and mesopores. The best condition for the preparation of activated coke was found at temperature of 800 ℃, activation time of 80 min and steam flow of 8 g/h. In that case, the phenol adsorbance could reach 13.8 mg/g.",1
"The influence law of the surface structure and the adsorption performance on the coal-based electrode material by changing the nitric acid concentration were mainly studied, when the coal base electrode material was activated with nitric acid. Characterized the adsorption properties and surface chemistry, pore size distribution of the coal-based electrode material by using scanning electron microscopy(SEM) and electron probe, X-ray diffraction(XRD), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy(FTIR), Beohm titration method and N2 adsorption method. The results showed that iodine value of the modified coal-based electrode material first increases and then decreases, its yield and compressive strength decreases, while the total content of oxygen-containing functional groups in the gradually increasing on its surface with increasing concentrations of nitrate. The carboxyl content increased by 65.01%, and lactone content increased by 47.37%, phenolic hydroxyl content increased by 60.00%. When the nitric acid concentration was 40%, the yield of the coal-based electrode material reached 67.64%, the iodine value was 301.72 mg/g, the compressive strength was 0.234 MPa, specific surface area was 256 m2/g, the average pore size was 1.978 nm and the total pore volume was 0.127 cm3/g.",1
"Methanation fixed bed reactor has been simulated by inserting methanation reaction rate equation into the simulation process with the form of compiling CEL source terms in ANSYS CFX software and the reactor internal flow field, temperature field and the concentration distributions of components also have been obtained. The accuracy of the simulation results has been proved comparing with the outlet permanents such as temperature and the concentration of the components detected on-the-spot. In addition, by changing the air inflow way at the intake and increasing turbulent equipments, the uniform distribution of flow has been achieved, and then the relationship between production rate and structure was studied.",1
,1
