text,label
"In this paper, a typical candle coal was selected as the research sample. The pyrolysis characteristics of this candle coal at different pyrolysis temperature were systematically studied by using vertical tubular pyrolysis oven, horizontal tubular pyrolysis oven, gas chromatography etc. The result showed that with the increase of pyrolysis temperature, the productivity of coal tar slightly decreased and the productivity of semi-coke slightly increased, affected by the secondary reactions. With the increase of temperature, the content of hydrogen and carbon monoxide in subsection coal gas increased; the content of methane first increased then decreased, maximized at about 600℃. The content of hydrogen in mixed coal gas is the highest over 800℃, and the content of hydrogen increased with the increase of temperature. The volatile content of semi-coke decreased with the increase of temperature, but almost remain unchanged over 900℃. Fundamental properties of coal tar produced by pyrolysis at 900℃ were analyzed at the end.",4
"Characteristics of gas products during temperature-programmed pyrolysis of three grades bituminous coal were studied using thermogravimetric-mass spectrometric (TG-MS) analysis. The effects of pyrolysis temperature, heating rate and coal grade on gas yield and generation regularity were investigated. The experimental results indicated that the devolatilization index decreases with the increasing of heating rate, and it is beneficial to products release. However, the reaction time was shortened and the gas yield was reduced. The generating curves of hydrocarbon gases shown one single peak shape, but the generating curves of other gases were irregular. Hydrogen and Hydrocarbons generated from different coals has the same tendency of ionic strength with temperature, and also has similar peak temperatures. The gas yield of different coals was related to the composition of raw coal. Meanwhile, the form of sulfur was different in different coal samples, and it mainly release in the form of H2S, SO2 and COS.",4
"In this paper, the influence of different swelling time, different solvents, mineral elements, pretreatment, metal inorganic salt on swelling behavior and the swelling kinetics of Xinyuan low order bituminous coal were investigated. The results show that the swelling rate increased gradually with the extension of time, and swelling basically balanced for 48h, the slow-climbing-type solvent-swelling processes were observed. The swelling rate of coal in the mixed solvent was higher than the single solvent, the swelling rate of coal in polar solvent was higher than the non-polar solvent; mineral elements were removed, the swelling rate increased; Swelling，acid washing and alkaline washing made the swelling rate increase, drying made the swelling rate reduce; metal inorganic salt improved coal swelling differently; the swelling behavior of coal corresponded to first-order reaction kinetics equation, the apparent activation energy of coal in THN and pyridine were less than 20 kJ/mol, the swelling process was affected by Case-Ⅱ diffusion.",0
"Coal with oxygen easily occurs composite reaction at low temperature. Active function groups are oxidized, lead to the structure change of coal. Study on coal in different oxidation temperature by infrared spectrum method was carried out. The result with differential spectrum was analyzed, and the rule of function groups in coal oxidation warm-up procedure was gained. The order of reactivity of functional groups is: amino> methyl，aromatic methylene > acid，lipid，vinyl> ether.",0
"Co-pyrolysis characteristics of low rank mixed with ironmaking sludge in different proportions were studied in a dry distillation equipment. The results show that the low rank coal pyrolysis yields of char and gas could be improved with the increasing of ironmaking sludge content. The yield of char and gas improved and the oil and tar reduced at the same time. Furthermore, the content of CO, CH4 and H2 increased obviously in coal gas, Which is up to 9.91%,23.98% and 38.42%. The result of SEM show that the number of char surface cracks was increased; it can formate depth of crack.",4
"Yimin lignite and Datangwujianfang lignite, two kinds of Chinese lignite, were selected for the investigation. In the work, the drying process of the lignites, which particle size were 3mm-20mm, was investigated in a self-designed fixed-bed dryer and the fine particle (0mm-3mm) lignite drying process was carried out in a downward vertical tube dryer. The drying mechanism of a single lignite particle was discussed based on the temperature curves of the flue gas and the surface of lignite particle. The results indicate that the drying process of lignite is greatly influenced by the initial flue gas temperature, particle size and initial moisture content. The water emission can be promoted by the increase of the initial flue gas temperature and the lignite devolatilization can be avoided even under the initial temperature of 800℃. The increases of particle size and initial moisture content can prevent the lignite devolatilization. Both the two kinds of lignite keep stable during the drying process in the downward vertical tube dryer. The water absorption and dewatering characters of Yimin lignite are more rapid than those of Datangwujianfang lignite. Meanwhile, compared to Datangwujianfang lignite, Yimin lignite is easier to pyrolyze. Therefore, high-temperature flue gas drying process is suitable for lignite dewatering.",0
"The drying of coal was studied in a internal-heated fluidized bed dryer. The process parameters, drying intensity, heat transfer intensity and percentage of heat consumption distribution were calculated with the test results at the different fluidized bed temperatures, 83℃, 89℃ and 102℃. The dryer was operated at low fluidizing velocities (0.37m/s-0.41m/s) and average fluidized bed temperatures of 83℃-102℃. The maximum drying capacity 114kg/h was attained at 83℃, meanwhile the drying intensity was 76.5kg/(m2·h), the heat transfer intensity of the steam tubes was 4172W/m2, the average heat exchange rate of the fluidized bed was 200W/(m2·K),the heat consumption for evaporation of water in coal was 52%, the heat consumption of heating fluidized air and dryer heat loss were both 20%, the heat consumption of heating coal was 8%.",0
"For the development of dense phase transport gasification technology, lignite (YN), sub-bituminous (SD) and bituminous (NM) coals were pyrolyzed in a drop-tube furnace. A digital image particle analyzer was used to obtain both swelling ratio and sphericity simultaneously. The effects of coal rank, particle size, temperature and drying pretreatment on char morphology were studied. With the increase of coal rank, the swelling ratio and sphericity were both increased. YN lignite underwent an obvious shrinkage with swelling ratio about 0.66 after the 1273K pyrolysis. SD sub-bituminous and NM bituminous were more than 1. The particle sphericity was increased after pyrolysis because of the softening. With the increase of pyrolysis temperature, the swelling ratio of NM coal decreased, and the sphericity increased first and decreased then. Finer NM coal particles resulted in higher swelling and roundness. The swelling ratio of dried NM coal chars were higher, and increased with a higher pyrolysis temperature, which is contrary to the raw coals with moisture. The variation of sphericity with temperature was similar to the raw coal but the sphericity of dried coal char was lower than the raw coal. Drying pretreatment before pyrolysis experiments could significantly influence the morphology of chars.",4
"Based on the analysis of the characteristics of coalbed methane (CBM) water pulverized coal, this paper analyzes the liquid in the pump barrel flow with the opening and closing of the pump valve. It is proposed to research liquid in the pump barrel by piecewise analysis method , above the floating valve between liquid section as the goal, with small concentration pulverized coal particles as the research object, based on motion relative method, from single coal particles and low concentration pulverized coal particles of the actual flow analysis, in order to adjacent two particles as model, establish the graphics relations between the actual flow and the relative movement, so as to establish a single particle settling velocity and low concentration particle settling velocity relation model, based on this, this paper proposes for the first time the low concentration pulverized coal sedimentation speed calculation formula model in the static water of drainage pump barrel,and compares with experiment conclusion of coal powder sedimentation with different porosity of phase.From the result,we can conclude the application of the formula to calculate the value of coal powder sedimentation velocity and empirical value is close, the maximum error is 6.7%, verified the rationality of the formula.",4
"Mass flowrate regulating valve of coal powder has been widely used in entrained-flow pulverized coal gasification plants and plays an important role in the regulation of coal mass flowrate. The performance of the imported regulating valve in Anqing Shell Coal Gasification Plant was tested. The test results showed that the pulverized coal flowrate was significantly sensitive to the valve opening while it was below about 20%. When the valve opening was more than 40%, the valve became almost ineffective in regulation. Meanwhile, its pressure drop characteristics in both conveying loop process and gasifier feeding process of pulverized coal were also analyzed. Based on the performance studied, the optimization for the gasifier feeding operation was suggested.",2
"The flow of syngas and the temperature distributions of three sections of heating surface and three circular gaps for convective waste heat boiler under the two kinds of ambience (CO and H2, CO2 and N2) are studied respectively by numerical simulation methods. The results show that under two kinds of ambience, the velocity fields are similar; the residence time of discrete phase in the boilers are identical; under two kinds of ambience, the changing laws of heat transfer coefficient varying with the circular gap and three sections of heating surface are the same. The heat transfer coefficient under CO2 and N2 ambience is bigger than that under reducing ambience; under two kinds of ambience, heat transfer distribution is different, which leads to big difference in temperature field. The different temperature distribution caused by different ambience will contribute to different arrangement of the heating surface in the boiler. Therefore, the article provides the reference to the design of safety and high efficiency of convective waste heat boiler under two different ambience.",0
"The experiments on the co-gasification of corn straw and lean coal with steam-oxygen-carbon dioxide mixture were carried out in the fixed bed gasifier. The effects of straw proportion，reaction temperature and the oxygen concentration(OC) on the gas composition and low heat value (LHV) were investigated. The results show that the straw in the samples promote the production of CO and hydrocarbon and suppress the production of H2, however, excessive straw can reduce the gas content and LHV. The gas content of CO and H2 reach their maximum when the straw percentage reaches 0.2 and 0, respectively. The LHV reaches the maximum at the straw percentage of 0.2. The increase of temperature can promote the co-gasification and improve the gas content, but excessive temperature suppress the production of CnHm. By increasing OC, the gas content and LHV are improved. LHV reaches the maximum when the OC comes to 0.2. The mixing of CO2 in the enriched gas can improve the gas content and save cost.",4
"A two-stage fixed bed reactor was used to simulate the three-stage bed pyrolysis of coal for implementing the pyrolysis successively at low, medium and high temperatures of 450℃, 650℃ and 900℃.  The interaction of pyrolysis reactions between two adjacent stages, i.e. between the low- and medium-temperature pyrolysis in the upper two stages and between the medium- and high-temperature pyrolysis in the lower two stages, was investigated to reveal the mechanism of improvement on the quality of tar and gas for multi-stage bed pyrolysis of coal.  It was found that the interaction between the low- and medium-temperature pyrolysis increased the light fractions in tar (boiling points below 360℃) and CH4 content in gas, while it decreased the H2 content in the gas.  This indicates that the tar quality improvement via the interaction between the low- and medium-temperature pyrolysis in the upper two stages is mainly due to the in-situ upgrading of tar catalyzed by char.  The interaction between the medium- and high-temperature pyrolysis increased the tar yield and light tar fractions, while it elevated the CH4 and CO contents and decreased the H2 content in the pyrolysis gas.  These show that it is the H2-rich atmosphere that improved the yield and quality of tar by the interaction between the medium- and high-temperature pyrolysis.  As a consequence, the multi-stage bed coal pyrolysis realized mainly the in-situ upgrading of tar under catalysis of char and the H2-rich atmosphere of pyrolysis that can improve the quality of the pyrolysis oil and gas.",4
"This experiment is the use of low ash, high moisture Xinjiang coal, and industrial methanol as raw material, for the detailed methanol coal slurry preparation and characteristics. The experiment choose the grinding 172μm and 54μm two different pulverized coal. Discuss the impact of ratio of raw materials for the preparation of methanol of methanol coal slurry,granularity to select,type and amount of dispersant (stabilizers),as well as the influence of temperature on the performance of the methanol coal slurry. The optimum technological condition is that: the dosage of sodium dodecyl sulfate and bentonite are 25%，coal particle size grinding 172μm: 54μm = 1∶1 mixed with the lowest viscosity. Performance measurements show that the viscosity of methanol coal slurry below 1200mPa·s, Stability is very good and the highest concentration of methanol coal slurry is 63%.",0
"In order to investigate the effects of particle size to characteristics of semi-coke from the coal pyrolysis process, the characteristics of semi-coke including yield, ash content, volatile content, and structure were studied. The results shows that the activation energy increased with coal particle size, and the volatile emission from large particle coal pyrolysis was higher than that from little particle coal pyrolysis in low temperature. The semi-coke yield always decreased with the increase of particle size, while the coal tar yield decreased with the increase of particle size. The structure of semi-coke from little particle coal pyrolysis was not fine and close due to low degree of crystallinity. The ash content of semi-coke from little particle coal pyrolysis appeared increasing with the decrease of particle size due to more mineral substance in little particles, while the volatile content of semi-coke from large particle coal pyrolysis was lower caused by more volatile emission during pyrolysis process.",4
"The coking coal blending technology of stamp-charging coke oven was studied using different species of coking coal. According to the requirement of metallurgical coke, the reasonable coal blending scheme was investigated. Based on this，coke which is accorded with the characteristic of coke ash and sulfur content, the broken and abrasion Strength, coke reactivity (CRI) and coke strength after reaction (CSR) will be available. The results show that the coke ash value can be predicted from modified formula, and the coke sulfur content can be predicted from the raw material and the empirical value of the mixed coal sulfur content. The reasonable volatile matter of mixed coal is chosen based on requirements of coke ash and sulfur content, cold and hot state. Coal strength is forecasted by thickness of colloidal matter layer（y） of mixed coal for stamp-charging coke oven, which shows the practical significance to the applications in industrial production.",4
"With a coal extract as precursor, four kinds of carbon materials (named FKC600, FKC700, FKC800, FKC900) used for supercapacitor electrode were successfully prepared by using carbonization method at 600℃,700℃,800℃,900℃ under the protection of nitrogen, respectively. The pore structure of as-obtained carbon materials were characterized by hypothermia nitrogen adsorption.The electrochemical properties of supercapacitors with carbon materials as electrodes were studied by using galvanostatic charge-discharge and  cyclic voltammetry techniques. The results showed that, with carbonization temperature increasing, the specific surface area and total pore volume of the four carbon materials increased gradually, but the overall pore structures were underdeveloped. The specific surface area of the FKC600 and FKC700 only reached about 14·g-1. Four carbon materials in 3mol/L KOH electrolyte had a good charge-discharge reversibility, behaved a typical double layer capacitance. The volumetric specific capacitance and area capacitance first increased and then decreased with carbonization temperature increasing. The volumetric specific capacitance of FKC700 reached up to 112.4F·cm-3, the area specific capacitance of FKC600 and FKC700 were more than 800μF/cm2 much higher than the theoretical storage limit of carbon materials.",0
"Formed activated carbon was prepared from Shenmu bituminous with coal tar pitch as binder by KOH and ZnCl2 activation under low impregnation ratio. Specific surface area and pore structure parameters were characterized by nitrogen adsorption at 77K. The influence of impregnation ratio on pore structure of formed activated carbon and its adsorption properties were investigated. The differences of structure and properties of activated carbon prepared by KOH and ZnCl2 activation were also studied. The results showed that the specific surface area, total pore volume and iodine adsorption value of activated carbon prepared by KOH activation were all higher than ZnCl2 activation under the same impregnation ratio. The specific surface area, total pore volume, the ratio of mesopore and iodine adsorption value of formed activated carbon prepared by KOH activation reaches 811m2/g, 0.513cm3/g, 23.6%, 1125mg/g when the impregnation ratio is 1.0, and formed activated carbon prepared by ZnCl2 activation reaches 472m2/g, 0.301cm3/g, 30.6%, 527mg/g respectively. The pore size of formed activated carbon prepared by two kinds of activation method mainly distribute in a range of 1.2nm-2.0nm and 3.6nm-4.5nm.",2
"In light of this situation, the technology of briquette of bituminous coal in low rank is still in the initial stage. In order to study the influence of terminal temperature and its holding time on briquette quality, a series of experiments of single factor under different terminal temperature and different holding time at the best terminal temperature were carried out under natural and saturated state by concerned equipments to manufacture briquette and determine the strength of briquette. The testing results show that 160℃ can be used as the best terminal temperature for drying coal briquette by bituminous coal in low rank (Shenmu coal), and reasonable holding time of best terminal temperature is 20min-30min.",2
"Thermogravimetric analysis was used to study pyrolysis characteristics of bituminous coal of datong(coal sample DT), municipal sludge(sludge SZ) and the mixture. The differences of pyrolysis behavior of sludge SZ, coal sample DT and sludge-coal blends were disclosed, and the influences of sludge SZ, coal sample DT and mixing ratio of sludge and coal on the pyrolysis process were studied. It is found that the pyrolysis feature of municipal sludge is much better than that of bituminous coal; the municipal sludge and bituminous coal have different pyrolysis characteristics parameters in aspects of total weight loss, weight loss rate and volatile release temperature range. Sludge SZ and coal sample DT blending on the pyrolysis process have catalytic effect, and their biggest catalysis of blending specific flow is not the same. The pyrolysis characteristics of sludge-coal blends are related to the mixing ratio of sludge SZ and coal sample DT.",4
"Taking the glucose concentration of 2000mg / L, the mediator concentration of 1.66×10-1 mmol/L, the MFC was operated for up 13. The experiment identified the influence of the long running to the MFC’s electrochemical behavior. It took 1.5h for starting up,attained its maximum output voltage,then entered plateaus . The charge transfer resistance decreased from 216Ω to 76.52Ω, manifesting the biofilm had become immature completely,it operated steadily .To the 13th day, the charge transfer resistance has increased by up to 1657Ω,the long time running leaded to the greatly decrease of biofilm electrochemical activity, The capacity of MFC’s producing electricity decreased greatly.",0
"In this paper, cordierite honeycomb carriers were pretreated by different acid and alkaline solutions to prepare Fe-Mo/ZSM-5 monolithic catalysts. The effect of pretreatment method on the coating rate and performance of the monolithic catalyst was studied. Meanwhile, the surface character, structure and surface acidity of the monolithic catalyst were analyzed by XRD, NH3-TPD and SEM techniques. Results showed that acid and alkaline pretreatment can both increase the coating rate and the catalytic performance of the monolithic catalyst, and the catalyst pretreated by HCl performed best. It is believed that this result can be contributed to the effect of acid solution, which can modify the cordierite surface and change the surface acidity of monolithic catalyst.",0
"Pyridine extraction of Shendong Shangwan coal(SDR), macerals of vitrinite concentrate(SDV) and inertinite concentrate(SDI) obtained using sink-float method combined with hand-picking from SDR were conducted. The coal samples before and after pyridine extraction were characterized using 13C-NMR, FTIR and XRD. The  extraction rate of three samples are as follows: SDV(15.78%)>SDR(13.89%)>SDI(9.4%). The results of 13C-NMR, FTIR and XRD for the samples after pyridine extraction show that the aromaticity increase, —CH3, —CH2, C—H aliphatic side chain, C—O functional group, hydroxyl groups and other small structure decrease, while the skeletal structure of three coal samples  have no change.",0
"In this paper, an experimental study on the 13C-NMR characteristics of coal structure before and after being interacted with chlorine dioxide was carried out selecting five different rank coal samples, and the results are as follows that the aliphatic carbon radicals of higher chemical activity have a decrease after chlorine dioxide due to their partial transformation into other relatively stable radicals; the oxygenic functional radicals have a reduction while the carboxyl and carbonyl of some small molecules have an increase; the unsaturated hydrocarbon bonds of aromatic hydrocarbons and the other oxygen bonds of aromatic nucleus are fractured, and part of aromatic nucleus is opened and thereby the aromaticity is reduced. This study provides an experimental support for revealing the mechanisms that chlorine dioxide affects the adsorption capacity and permeability of coal reservoirs.",3
"Low-temperature co-pyrolysis of Eichhornia crassipes(EC) and low-rank coal(LFC) blends were undertaken in a special fixed bed reactor. The results show that the pyrolysis oil yield rise to 11.32% with EC ratio of 30%, which increased by 24.81% and 5.11% respectively compared with coal and calculated value from the additive model. From TG experiments, additional weight loss is observed at 300 ℃-700 ℃. The content of alkanes rise by 34.46% supported by GC-MS and H/C of co-pyrolysis oil rise by 8.72% compared with coal, while heat value is slightly lower than that of gasoline and diesel fuels. Due to the synergetic effect existed in co-pyrolysis of EC and coal, the quality of co-pyrolysis oil is upgraded.",4
"Different mixing ratio and different heating rates are used in different coal mixed with oily sludge pyrolysis experiments by thermogravimetric analyzer, the pyrolysis gas is analyzed by gas chromatography. The experimental results show that the pyrolysis process of coal and oily sludge mixture is divided into five stages, which is dehydration, precipitation of light hydrocarbons, cracking of heavy hydrocarbon and removal of coal small molecular chain, secondary cracking of heavy hydrocarbons and removal of coal big molecular chain, polycondensation reactions of the char and decomposition of mineral. Oily sludge mixed with coal pyrolysis kinetics parameters can be solved by using Coats-Redfern integration method which also brings us kinetics parameters dependence of mixing ratio, heating rate and coal type. Pyrolysis gas is H2, N2, CO2, CO, CH4, C2H6, C2H4, C3H8 and C3H6, etc by gas chromatography. The generation law of main gaseous product (H2,N2,CO2 and CH4) is analyzed.",4
"The effect of iron-based catalysts such as Fe(NO3)3, FeCl3 and (NH4)2Fe(SO4)2 prepared by impregnation method on the hydropyrolysis behavior were investigated using a fixed-bed reactor in this paper. The role of catalyst, (NH4)2Fe(SO4)2, having the highest yield of tar was investigated, and its tar was evaluated. The results showed that coal hydropyrolysis conversion was improved after adding these three catalysts; adding (NH4)2Fe(SO4)2 of 5%, the tar yield increased from 14.3%(daf) without catalysts to 17.9%(daf). Adding different valence iron catalyst, the role of iron catalyst is different. The existence of ammonium root is conducive to the improvement of coal pyrolysis conversion and tar yield. The tar prepared from (NH4)2Fe(SO4)2 has a good quality compared with that prepared without catalyst, its quality greatly improved.",4
"The primary issue of automatic coal petrography using image analysis method is to determine the relationship between gray value of images and the reflectance. A theoretical approach was made to analyze the relationship followed by experiments using standard materials. The suitable illumination conditions were also studied. Finally comparisons of working curves and precision between image analysis method and microscope photometer method were conducted. A linear correlation and a high degree of linear correlation coefficient had been found between gray value of images and the reflectance by both theoretical and experimental methods. The degree of linear correlation was close to 1 in a wide illumination range and the smaller the field stop was, the better the degree of linear correlation. The precision of image analysis method could match that of the traditional one.",0
"The coal object was obtained from Jiangjunmiao in Xinjiang. Tetralin as hydrogen donor and pulping solvent, the coal slurry was prepared with colloid mill by wet milling. The effect of the grinded time on coal slurry particle size was investigated. Particle size distribution was measured by Laster granulometer. The result showed that primary particle size distribution scope were 8 000 nm-10 800 nm（2 000 mesh-1 000 mesh）, 2 400 nm-2 900 nm（6 000 mesh-5 000 mesh），800 nm-1 200 nm（18 700 mesh-12 500 mesh）and 500 nm-1 250 nm（30 000 mesh-12 000 mesh）with grinded by 1 h, 2 h, 3 h, 4 h, respectively. Results of the direct coal hydrogenation liquefaction experiment under low pressure showed that if the coal particle size become smaller, the reunion would happen in the coal particles, then the oil yield would decrease. With the same liquefaction condition, oil yield of 200 mesh coal sample was 75.24%, oil yield of 1 340 mesh coal sample was 59.96%; while, 1 340 mesh coal sample was treated by ultrasonic treatment, oil yield has been greatly up to 80.04% and increased by almost 20%.",4
"Optimal conditions for grafting reaction of sodium lignosulfonate (SL) and acrylamide (AM) through orthogonal experiment were determined. And its influence on the slurry concentration, viscosity and stability of bituminous coal were observed with the modified products as coal water slurry (CWS) dispersants. The results of this experiment indicated that when the ratio of AM to SL is 1∶5, the temperature is 40 ℃, K2S2O8-NaHSO3 as an initiator, and the dosage of which is 3%, the reaction keeping time as 2.5 h, then the obtained is effective as a dispersant. When the amount of additive was 0.8% of the mass of the dry coal, and the concentration of CWS was 69%, the viscosity was 550 mPa·s, and the penetration ratio after 3 d was 74.75%. Under the same conditions, unmodified SL had a higher viscosity of 610 mPa·s than the former, the penetration ratio after 3 d was 70.68%. The dewatering rate decreased by 4.45% compared to the modified SL.",2
"As a raw material, lignin from cheap maize straw could be modified to synthesizing additive through suffocated method, the optimal process parameters of synthesizing suffocated lignin: temperature is 90 ℃-95 ℃, the ratio of mass of and Na2SO3 and lignin is 2, reaction time is 6 h, the dosage of 37% HCHO is 2 mL/g(lignin). The infrared characterization demonstrates that suffocated lignin has new absorption peak at 979 cm-1 and 633 cm-1; the surface tension was determined by Baijinban method. It indicates that lignin is modified successfully and effectually. As a dispersant, suffocated lignin is used to study slurry ability of CWS, it is able to reducing apparent viscosity and raising concentration of CWS effectively, when the dosage of dispersant is 1%, the concentration of CWS attains to 70%, liquidity is grade A, velocity faster and unremitting, flow pattern is exquisite, settling time is to 25 d, no hard precipitation.",2
"Two coking coals with different content of mineral matter and similar sulfur content were demineralized combined by HCl-HF-CrCl2. The deashed coals were pyrolyzed under argon atmosphere at 300 ℃, 500 ℃, 700 ℃ and 900 ℃ to get transformation of organic sulfur functionality occurring during pyrolysis. The XPS S2p spectra obtained were curve-resolved into three peaks with Lorentzian-Gaussian method: sulphidic(163.3 eV±0.4 eV), thiophenic(164.1 eV±0.2 eV) and sulfoxide(166.0 eV±0.5 eV). It has been demonstrated that there are not exist pyrite and sulfate in deashed coal, and organic sulfur in coal distribution is even, they occurrence in three kinds of form, namely, organic sulfide, thiophenic and sulfoxide, there are not exist sulfone in two deashed coals. The organic sulfide can decomposed completely at 700 ℃ in two coals, which evolved in the form of gas under lower temperature and which can formed thiophenic compounds under higher temperature. The content of thiophenic increase with the temperature rise but has unobvious change before 300 ℃, the change of sulfoxide is irregular.",2
"The slag as catalyst was added to the fat coal in Pengcheng with different blending ratios, and cokes were then prepared from these blended coal samples. The thermal properties of coke were tested, and X-ray diffraction, SEM analysis and liquid nitrogen absorption were carried out. It was shown that the CO2-gasification reactivity of the resulting cokes significantly increased with the increase of the addition of slag, and their reactivity was enhanced at a maximum. Also, with the same addition, the smaller the size of the slag is, the higher the coke reactivity index is. However, the post-reaction strength of the coke decreased with the increase of the addition of slag. The ash and sulfur of cokes increased with the increase of the addition of slag but there was a point for the sulfur. And the coke directional degree got worse and the degree of cyclic condensation become smaller with the increase of the addition of slag. And the surface area of cokes increased at first and then decreased with CRI increase. The EDS study showed the compounds of Fe and Ca were evenly distributed in the coke, which enhanced the CO2-gasification reactivity and degraded the strength of the coke texture.",4
"The coal characteristic to the application feasibility of the cogeneration technology was studied, based on a 1 kg/h scale pyrolysis results of three low-rank coals with different degree of metamorphism. It was found that the characteristic of chars was similar to that of bituminous coal after pyrolysis. Using of char blends as boiler fuels, the boiler efficiency increased than using raw coal blends and the increasing became more notably as the decrease of the coal metamorphism. In addition, the pyrolysis product, low-temperature coal tar will create substantial economic value for the power plant. The tar yield increased as the increase of the volatile content and the H/C ratio. However, the high water content in the coal will decrease the tar yield per unit and thus the economic feasibility decreased.",4
"This paper utilizes the Aspen Plus software to simulate the system process, but to make sure the correctness of the simulation, first of all, a large amount of actual running data must be collected to adjust the Aspen Plus software. Energy method and exergy method are used to analyze the whole process, the energy flow chart and exergy flow chart are produced for this polygeneration systems. The results show that the gasification quenching process possess the maximum energy loss, the syngas separation and throttle process possess the maximum exergy loss, the energy loss and exergy loss of the purge gas release process are more than the average loss. It is also concluded that the burning exergy loss can be reduced in high pressure.",0
"With the gas-steam ratio of self-provided power plant in an iron and steel works taken as an object, flue gas temperature, hot air temperature, feed water temperature, air fuel ratio and oxygen content in flue gas are the major factors influencing gas-steam ratio, which is analyzed by grey relation analysis. A prediction model of gas-steam ration of self-provided power plant is established on the basis of BP neural network, which is a 5-12-1 network structure, the hidden layer and output layer is transferred by tansig and purelin function respectively, momentum gradient descent optimization algorithm, traingdm is also used to train network. The results show that the model can effectively predict the gas-steam ratio of boiler, the correlation coefficient of actual values and training ones is 0.993 7, and the correlation coefficient of actual values and prediction ones is 0.976 2, the mean absolute error is also controlled within the scope. Showing a good generalization ability and outreach capacity, we can provide a theoretical basis and guide for the real production.",4
"The Inner Mongolia coal and sorghum straw around Taiyuan, Shanxi Province were selected as the samples in this study. The effect of char preparation method, coal/biomass blend ratio and gas residence time were tested on steam gasification reactions and methanation reactions in a fixed bed reactor under the pressure of 3.5 MPa and the temperature of 700 ℃. The results showed that no synergistic effects were observed on steam gasification reaction when co-gasification of coal char and sorghum straw char blend. The catalytic activity of sorghum straw char on methanation reaction is higher than that of the coal char, however, the catalysis of sorghum straw char is equivalent to coal char after wash with water. Analysis showed that the alkali metal potassium content was significantly decreased after water wash. The relation between the methanation activity and potassium amount in biomass showed that the potassium in biomass played the key catalytic effect during methanation reactions. The increase of residence time of gas in the dense zone of the gasifier has significance on the increase of methane yield.",4
"The preparation process of hypercoal was studied with lignite as raw material. Effects of reaction temperature, type of solvents, reaction time and solid-to-liquid ratio on the extraction yield and hypercoal ash contents were investigated. The results showed that using NMP as solvent and under the conditions of reaction temperature of 360 ℃, reaction time of 1 h, solid-to-liquid ratio of 4 g∶200 mL, the extraction rate of hypercoal is 48.8%, and ash contents is 0.54%. Infrared spectrum analysis showed that the non-covalent bond had broken and the hydrogen bond had associated. The hypercoal had a better property than that of lignite. The value of caking index(G) is 95.61.",4
"This paper presented the preparation of activated coke from Inner Mongolia East Mongolia lignite. The activation reactions were studied using the tubular electro-thermal furnace with water stream as activation gas. The orthogonal experiments, in which the activation conditions were activation temperature, activation time and vapor velocity, were carried out to inspect the effects of reaction conditions on activated coke properties. The result shows that the optimum activation conditions were determined as: activation temperature 800 ℃, activation time 90 min and vapor velocity 2 g/min, with comprehensively consideration of methylene blue adsorption value and yield rate. The sample which was prepared under the optimum condition had a developed mesopore with a diameter of 4 nm.",2
"Ni-Mg/Al2O3 catalyst for syngas methanation was prepared by an approach combining co-precipitation and hydrothermal methods. The effect of calcination and reduction temperatures on catalyst structure and performance for methanation were investigated by activity evaluation and catalyst characterization using X-ray diffraction (XRD), temperature-programmed H2 reduction (H2-TPR), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and so on. The results showed that with the increase in calcination temperature the reduction of the catalyst become more difficult because of the formation of NiAl2O4 at high temperatures, especially at temperatures above 900 ℃. The specific surface area of the catalyst decreased from 130 m2/g to 34 m2/g corresponding to the calcination temperatures rise from 500 ℃ to 900 ℃. After calcination at 600 ℃, the stability and catalytic activity of the catalyst first increased and then decreased with raising the reduction temperature, and the best methanation performance appeared at a reduction temperature of 650 ℃. This is due to the differences in the reductive degrees of nickel compounds and in the grain sizes of resulting Ni. It demonstrates actually the relationship between the catalytic performance for methanantion and the structure of the Ni-Mg/Al2O3 catalyst. This study clarified that for good catalytic performance of methanation, the grain size of Ni should be small and the interaction between active metal (Ni) and catalyst supporter (Al2O3) should be moderate.",4
"Effect of spouted bed with four different draft tubes on solid circulation can’t be ignored. This paper mainly studies the effect of four different forms draft tube with different installation height,different bed material height and different amout of fluidised gas on particle circulation. Particle circulation increases as bed material height rises.In a certain range,particle circulation increases as installation height of draft tube and loose gas flow rate rise.",0
"According to investigation of other researchers' work, the article summarizes the principles and the features of coal char preparation methods at high heating rate under pressurized condition, including PWMR, HPFFB, PDTF etc. By comparing the methods, PDTF is the ideal system. At last, the first domestic PDTF system developed by Tsinghua University is introduced, which achieves a pressure range of 0.1 MPa-3.1 MPa, a temperature range up to 1 873 K, a particle feed rate of 0.6 g/h-6 g/h, and a comparatively long constant temperate length. Different coal char can be produced at high pressure and high heating rate conditions by the PDTF system.",0
"In this work, three different metamorphic grade undeformed coals (Ro,max=0.38%-1.06%) and three different deformation type coals(weak-brittle deformed coal, strong-brittle deformed coal and strong-ductile deformed coal)were compared, evolution characteristics of hydrogen from gaseous products on different metamorphic grades and deformation types deformed coals were explored during pyrolysis. The results show that there is a definite difference in the transgression amount of H2 with the increasing temperature during the pyrolysis of the three undeformed coals(SGT01,JZT01 and WY01), but there is little difference on the accumulated generation of H2 during their pyrolysis. At the same temperature, there are obviously differences during the emission of three deformed coals, it is obviously that the generation amount of H2 of strong-ductile deformed coal(XTM10) and strong-brittle deformed coal(XTM07)are less than that of weak-brittle deformed coal(XTM09). It is clearly that the generation amount of H2 of strong-ductile deformed coal(XTM10) also less than that of strong-brittle deformed coal(XTM07).",2
"In this paper, pyrolysis of the coal (Pingshuo) behavior was investigated in the fixed bed reactor under different reactive atmosphere. The effect of pyrolysis temperature and heating rate on tar, water, char yields and desulfurization rate was studied. The results indicated that methane can produce large amounts of CHx groups in the presence of a catalyst. The CHx groups made the radicals produced by the pyrolysis of coal more stable, and then improved the tar yield. The higher tar yield can be obtained when Pingshuo coal pyrolysis was integrated with the atmosphere of CH4/CO2（catalyst）. In the pyrolysis temperature of 600 ℃, the tar, water and char yield and desulfurization rate were 33.5%, 25.8%, 69.5% and 25.3%(mass fraction) respectively under the atmosphere of CH4/CO2（catalyst）, which was 1.6 and 1.8 times as that under H2 and N2, respectively.",4
"Pyrolysis experiments for pine sawdust, undried lignite and their blending samples were performed in a tubular furnace. The results showed that the gas yields increased gradually, while liquid and solid yields reduced with the increase of pyrolysis temperature when pyrolyzed separately. High temperature was beneficial to the rapid evaporation of the moisture in lignite, and promoted the steam reforming reaction of pyrolysis product and water vapor. The addition of pine sawdust adjusted the proportion of carbon and hydrogen and promoted the pyrolysis of lignite. When the pine sawdust proportion was 30%, the difference value of the carbon conversion rate and gas generation rate between experimental value and calculated value reached to the maximum. It showed that the synergy effect behaved significantly in this condition.",4
"The co-pyrolysis of carboniferous high sulfur coal from Weibei with white straw was presented. The effects of the pyrolysis temperature, heating rate, holding time, mix ratio of coal and biomass and pressure on the desulfurization of organic sulfur and its desulfurization law were investigated by the orthogonal test. FTIR and SEM were employed to analyze structure characteristics and pore properties of the semi-coke. The effects of low temperature extractions on the desulfurization of co-pyrolysis with biomass were introduced. The results show that the effect of pyrolysis temperature on desulfurization rate is significant. The best desulfurization conditions are 850 ℃, 15 ℃/min, 15 min, 1∶4 and 2 MPa. Pore structure of co-pyrolysis semicoke presents with a degree of regularity, thin walls, and relative large diameters, which benefits the release and spread of sulfur during co-pyrolysis. The desulfurization rates of co-pyrolysis are increased by low temperature extractions, especially for the hot water refined coal. Its co-pyrolysis desulfurization rate is about 39%.",4
"The catalyst NiO/Al2O3 was prepared according ultrasonic impregnation-roasting method, the low transformation coal was researched in the microwave pyrolysis process with the catalyst. The relationship between the composition of gas, component characteristics change of liquid oil, morphology of solid residue and the load catalyst was discussed. The results showed that the NiO/Al2O3 catalysts played a significant catalytic effect during the process of coal pyrolysis, the hydrogen production from coal pyrolysis and the tar production rate had increased significantly, the products prepered under the condition of 450 ℃ ultrasonic impregnation and roasting 4 h had the best catalytic activity.",4
"Organic solvent was used to extract small molecular compounds of the Yanzhou coal, extraction rate basically no longer changed when approaching 12.26% after extraction of 14 h. The molecular weight of small molecule compounds of Yanzhou coal was determined by gel permeation chromatography, the molecular weight ranging from dozens to tens of thousands, but mainly concentrated about M=400 g/mol. Finally by pycnometer method, using the mixed liquid density formula method, small molecule compounds density was measured, that is 1.192 4 g/cm3.",1
"The changes in O-containing functional groups and surface hydrophilic property due to hydrothermal treatments under different conditions were examined in this paper using Shengli lignite. The results showed that the increases in reaction temperature, reaction time and and initial pressure could promote the removal of O-containing functional groups to different extents. The maximum removal rate of the methoxy, carboxyl and phenolic hydroxyl were 67.88%, 89.41% and 93.70%, respectively. The contact angle of the coal samples (with water) increased after the removal of O-containing functional groups, which was a direct reflection of  weak hydrophilic property on coal surface. The linear fit analysis demonstrated that the contact angle has a better correlation with carboxyl than other functional groups, implying strong affinity between carboxyl and water due to the formation of hydrogen bond.",0
"In this study, Zaozhuang coal is extracted with carbon tetrachloride under microwave irradiation before and after hydrogen peroxide oxidation respectively, and the composition of the extract is analyzed by infrared spectrum and GC/MS/MS. The results show that 37 kinds of compounds including fat hydrocarbon, aromatic hydrocarbon and heteroatom containing organic compounds can be detected in the CCl4 extraction of Zaozhuang coal by GC/MS/MS. Among that, the majority of aliphatic hydrocarbons are alkanes that has seven kinds, alcohols and ketones that have five kinds respectively; and many aromatic hydrocarbons, amides, aldehydes, grease and other common organic compounds are detected. Aliphatic hydrocarbons include n-paraffins and isoparaffins. Heteroatem containing organic compounds include oxygen compounds, sulfur compounds and nitrogen compounds.",0
"The lignite drying process of a 600 MW oxy-fuel combustion power plant was simulated by Aspen Plus software. The effect on drying characteristics of drying medium, temperature, flow rate and the concentration of CO2 and H2O in flue gas were investigated. The simulation results show that the flue gas of oxy-fuel combustion is suitable for lignite drying. CO2 in the flue gas can effectively prevent spontaneous combustion of lignite which make drying process more safety; CO2 can increase the drying capacity of flue gas, while H2O in the flue gas will inhibit evaporation of moisture in the coal; the increase of drying temperature and flow rate will accelerate lignite drying to achieve the requirements, while effect of the drying temperature is more obvious. According to the simulating results, temperature of 150 ℃ and flow rate of 1.4×106 m3/h are the best drying conditions for the 600 MW oxy-fuel combustion power plant.",0
"Adding different content of alkaline oxide in the coal of Yan’an Zichang Hecaogou, the effect of oxide content on the ash melting temperature were studied and the mechanism of the ash fusion temperature change were analyzed by XRD and scanning electron microscope. The results show that in several oxides, Na2O has the best effect on reducing the ash melting temperature, can make the ash fusion temperature from 1 300 ℃ to 1 195 ℃, reduced by 105 ℃, followed by CaO, K2O and MgO, decreased 75 ℃, 55 ℃ and 45 ℃ respectively. The change of mineral composition is a major cause of the change of ash fusion temperature, while ash in the melting process. The study has vital significance in the melting temperature on changes in the coal of Yan’an Zichang Hecaogou and expanding its scope of application.",2
"In this paper, the coal blending were obtained by mixing Fugu coal (A) with Shenmu West Ditch coal (B) and Shenmu River coal (C) in different proportion, respectively. Fugu coal has high ash melting point, while Shenmu West Ditch coal and Shenmu River coal have low ash melting point. The ash was produced by calcining in muffle furnace. The temperatures of melting characteristic of the ash in the weak reduction atmosphere were measured by JRHR-3 microcomputer ash melting point apparatus. The changes of the mineral composition in the ashes of the coal blending which were obtained in different proportion and at different temperatures were analyzed by the X-ray diffraction (XRD) and CaO-SiO2-Al2O3 three phase diagram. The experimental results show that coal blending can effectively improve the fusibility of ash melting. The ash melting point of coal blending and the proportion of coal blending have a non-linear relation. The change of the ash melting point of the coal blending is mainly due to the transformation of minerals at high temperature.",2
"In this study, water hyacinth was pre-treated using a ball mill and then the pre-treated water hyacinth, Shenfu coal, water and dispersant were used to prepare water hyacinth-coal slurry (WHCS) proportionately. The slurry ability and rheological properties of WHCS were investigated, which were also compared with coal-water slurry(CWS). The results showed that the yield stress, thixotropy and stability of WHCS were found to be much higher than that of CWS. But the absolute value of the zeta potential of WHCS was smaller than that of CWS. With increasing ball milling time, the WHCS slurry ability was enhanced, the yield stress was obviously decreased, thixotropy and stability was slightly weakened, while the zeta potential absolute value was increased.",2
"Co-pyrolysis characteristics of low rank mixed with metallurgical slag in different proportions were studied in a dry distillation equipment. The results show that the content of CH4 and H2 increased obviously in coal gas, which is up to 23.98% and 38.12%.The yield of tar and water slightly decreased, but straight-chain alkanes and some high value-added chemical compounds increased, which improved the quality of coal tar at the same time. The number of semi-coke surface cracks increased and formated depth of crack, so the reactivity of carbocoal increased. The catalytic pyrolysis process of ironmaking slage more effected than other kinds of metallurgical slag.",4
"In this paper, formed coke with excellent quality was successfully prepared by briquetting pyrolysis technology, in which low rank coal and direct coal liquefaction residue (DCLR) were adopted as main raw material and additive separately. The composition and structure of formed coke were characterized by FTIR and SEM, and the effect of the proportion of DCLR on the compressive strength of formed coke was investigated. The results indicated that formed coke’s compressive strength increased first and then decreased with the proportion increase of DCLR. The compressive strength reached its maximum 573.3 N/ball as the proportion of D-DCLR increased to 40%, which was mainly attributed to the proportion increase of both the ash and colloidal matter.",4
"The main factors such as extraction time, concentration of alkaline solution and extraction temperature were chosen as parameters to optimize the process of extracting humic acid from lignite. Box-Behnken central composite design and advanced mathematics were applied to achieve the mathematical model that could predict the response (extraction rate). Model variance analysis results showed that the prediction model had good prediction and adaptability. Main process conditions were optimized by the response surface analysis. Results showed that best technological conditions could be obtained when extraction time was 82.32 min, sodium hydroxide solution concentration was 0.94 mol/L and temperature was 65.83 ℃. Prediction model showed that the maximum extraction rate was 82.19% and the actual experiment obtained a similar result.",0
"Activated carbons were prepared from Taixi anthracite. KCl was used as additive in this study. The preparation process is under the following procedures: mixing, extruding, carbonization and activation. The properties of the carbons were characterized by CO2 adsorption capacity, iodine number, specific surface area and pore size distribution (PSD). The capacity of CO2 adsorption was independent of iodine number, specific surface area and total pore volume. Further studies show that the CO2 adsorption capacity of the activated carbon has great relevance with the PSD. In order to find the optimum pore size for CO2 adsorption, the pore size was divided into different ranges which were fitted with the CO2 adsorption capacity by linear regression analysis through the excel software, and the relationship between the PSD and the CO2 adsorption capacity was investigated. The result showed that the CO2 adsorption capacity of activated carbon has great relevance with the pore volume between 0.61 nm and 0.79 nm and to increase the pore volume is a vital way to increase the CO2 adsorption capacity.",2
"This paper intends to study the optimum culture condition of coal fermenting to produce hydrogen when interacted under the conditions of glucose, pH, dosage of coal and concentration of Fe2+. Based on the testing of which Fe2+, pH and glucose were used as single factors, by means of range analysis principle, a four-factor interactional experiment was designed and the data was collected by response surface method, in which glucose, pH, dosage of coal and concentration of Fe2+ were the response factors and gas production was the response value. The results show that glucose and pH both have a notable impact on hydrogen production respectively, and the interaction between pH and Fe2+ works significantly as well, whereas the effect of dosage of coal is not very obvious. The experiment bears out that under the conditions that the dosage of glucose is 6 g/L and the original pH is 5.5, and the dosage of coal matrix is 50 g/L and FeCl2·4H2O is 10 mg/L, the hydrogen production effect is best and up to 24.26 mL/g, which provides an advantageous reference for the large-scale industrialized experiment.",4
"This paper aimed to reduce the toxicity of coal tar pitch by using the combined of modifiers, and investigated pavement performance of coal tar pitch. To analyze the content of toxic substances-benzo[a]pyrene, UV spectrophotometric was used. Besides, it was discussed that the high temperature performance and temperature sensitivity of specially treated coal tar pitch. The results showed that the treated coal tar pitch in the high-carcinogen-benzo[a]pyrene reduced to a great extent, reduction rate was up to 85.22%. Not only the high and low temperature performance of coal tar pitch improved, but also the temperature sensitivity declined.",0
"The un-reacted shrinking core dynamic model of CaO-SO2 solid  fluorine reaction was set up. Calculated by the model, under these conditions that macro reaction, gas film diffusion control, ash layer diffusion control, chemistry diffusion control, reaction temperature, CaO particle size and addition of the effects of fluorine-fixing reaction characteristics were studied. CaO conversion increase with the reaction temperature and reaction time increasing. With the decrease of the initial particle size of CaO, CaO concentration rate significantly increased. According to result of experiment and model fitting, unreacted shrinking core model can be used to describe the reaction of CaO-SO2 sulfur retention macro-kinetics. Chemistry diffusion control was the most factor influence sulfur retention, so the best way to improve CaO conversion was to decrease the initial particle size of CaO.",4
"The pulverized coal’s effects on the modifying and concentrated dewatering of sludge was explored by the method of gravity concentrated dewatering. The results showed that the dehydration property and the sedimentation property of the sludge have been improved greatly through adding pulverized coal into the sludge. When 10 g of pulverized coal was added to 100 g of sludge, the moisture content of concentrated sludge was reduced to 76.35% from 91.13% after modified treatment. The average sedimentation rate of sludge was increased to 1.73 mL/min from 1.30 mL/min. There are differences in the modifying and concentrated dewatering of sludge through adding different particle sizes of pulverized coal, the optimum particle size of the pulverized coal for sludge modifying is 0.076 mm-0.25 mm. With the increase of the pulverized coal’s dosage, the concentrated dewatering performance and the mechanical dewatering performance of sludge are more improved. The moisture content of concentrated sludge is less than 80% through adding pulverized coal into the sludge, which provide conditions for using the concentrated sludge mixed with coal to prepare the sludge-coal water slurry. The results have important theoretical and practical significance for the resource utilization of the sludge.",0
"This paper gives a comprehensive presentation and comparation of the current technologies of coal low-temperature pyrolysis available at home and abroad. They are categorized into gas heat carrier technology, solid heat carrier technology and gas-solid heat carrier technology according to the different types of heat carriers. This paper analyzes the technological processes, advantages and disadvantages and industrialization degrees of the current technologies. On that basis, we put forward the technology of coal pyrolysis with gas-solid heat carrier in fluidized bed of Tsinghua University, which is given a detailed introduction of the technological process and technical feature in this paper. The technology is capable of producing high added-value light liquid products and co-producing clean gas and solid products. It has a good development prospect in future.",4
"The interaction of oxygen-containing functional groups and moisture in lignite is very complicated. This experiment utilizes different solutions including sodium hydroxide, hydrochloric acid and hydrogen peroxide to modify the lignite. The congelation characteristics of water in modified samples were studied by DSC instrument. The change of chemical structure in modified samples was characterized by FTIR. The results of DSC showed that the bound water and free water in lignite modified by sodium increased; the congelation of water in lignite modified by hydrochloric acid was basically the same as raw coal. The free water was reduced and the bound water almost disappeared after modified by hydrogen peroxide. The results of FTIR show that the increase of functional group —OH is the main reason for the bound water and free water in lignite increased.",0
"Three catalysts, Co/MgO, Fe/MgO and Ni/MgO, were prepared by incipient impregnation method. Catalytic pyrolysis of Shihezi bituminous coal was carried out in a fixed-bed reactor under pyrolysis gas atmosphere. The effect of pyrolysis gas on the catalytic pyrolysis behaviors was studied by comparative analysis of the tar yield, char yield, the proportion of light oil and asphaltene and the group composition with N2 atmosphere pyrolysis. The result indicates that the three catalysts have catalytication to pyrolysis of Shihezi bituminous coal, especially the catalysts of Ni/MgO can improve the tar yield obviously. The tar yield reached to 7.33% under conditions of gas flow rate of 400 mL/min, 550 ℃ and catalysts of Ni/MgO. Compared with N2 pyrolysis and pyrolysis gas pyrolysis under comparable conditions, the tar yield increased by 78% and 42% respectively. And the catalysts of Co/MgO can improve the light oil yield obviously. The results suggest that the influence of pyrolysis gas on the catalytic pyrolysis behaviors was significantly which benefit to inhibit the polycondensation reaction, increase the tar yield and improve its quality.",4
"Magnetic of Yiluo coal-pyrite was enhancement by microwave heating. The influence and mechanism of microwave heating time and particle size on the magnetic of coal-pyrite were investigated. The results show that the microwave heating time and particle size are important factors to influence the magnetic enhancement of coal-pyrite. Magnetic susceptibility of coal-pyrite increases gradually and then decreases rapidly with increasing microwave heating time, and reaches a maximum value of 533.18×10-8 m3/kg when the microwave heating time is 240 s. Magnetic susceptibility increases gradually with decreasing particle size of coal pyrite. The change of magnetic of coal-pyrite is relative to its thermal decomposition. In the process of microwave heating, coal-pyrite mainly through the following process: pyrite, pyrite (dehydration and crystal transformation of pyrite), pyrrhotite and troilite.",0
"The transformation behavior and distribution characteristics of arsenic in the process of coal cleaning in Jiaozuo was studied. The conclusions are as follows: the concentration of arsenic in Jiaozuo coal is relative higher; in all coal cleaning products, the concentration of arsenic in cleaned coal is reduced in different degree, the average removal rate was 54.97%, the highest removaility is as high as 73.19%, and the concentration of arsenic in the byproduct such as coal gangue and coal slime is relatively rich, its enrichment rate averages is respectively 196.29%, 64.67%; the lowest concentration of arsenic of coal in washing water in the two preparation plants is 0.76×10-6, which is still more than emissions standards stipulated by the state. Consequently, the use of coal and emission of coal washing water need more attention.",0
"In order to compare the effect on chemical structure and reactivity for different drying medium, chemical structure parameters during fluidized bed drying in air and superheat steam studied using FTIR technique. The pyrolysis characteristic and kinetic parameters were compared for different dried lignite samples by thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) experiment. It showed that in the process of lignite drying in air and superheat steam, the carboxyl and carbonyl oxygen-containing functional groups decreased with the temperature increase. As the temperature is over 135 ℃, the oxidation will be happened on the coal surface in air drying, while it is still not happened in superheat steam drying up to 160 ℃. Comparison with the raw coal, the activation energy of dried coal increase while reactivity decrease. The reactivity of superheat steam dried coal is larger than that of air dried coal at the same temperature.",0
"The drying processes of two types of lignite in Mengdong area with different coal rank were discussed in this paper, and  lignite samples which were dried to different degree were analyzed as well. It was found that lignite samples with different coal rank had relatively identical drying rate variation trend, while the coal rank had certain impact on drying rate. The Wulagai lignite, which has lower coal rank，could be dried at relatively higher drying rate and reach the maximum drying rate earlier compared with Baorixile lignite. Moreover, drying process changed the micromechanism of lignite, and the specific surface area of lignite which had lower moisture content after drying was bigger than raw coal’s. Along with the decrease of moisture content during drying process, the amount of oxygen functional groups in lignite declined firstly, and grew up then. Compared with Baorixile lignite, the amount of oxygen functional groups in Wulagai lignite increased earlier in drying process, which made it more easy to be oxidized.",0
"Aiming at the high temperature phase change materials is less and the current situation of inorganic constituent in coal gangue processing difficulties, through changing the reaction temperature, acid concentration, alkali and the ratio of raw materials, and using HCl, H2SO4 and NaOH as the main reactant, series of soluble and insoluble samples have been prepared in this paper. Elemental composition of the sample has been qualitatively and quantitatively analyzed, to determine the composition. And to determine phase-transition temperature and crystal case of the samples, DTA-TGA and XRD analysis for samples have been carried out. By processing and analyzing data, it was found that the materials prepared by alkali fusion using sodium hydroxide would absorb more heats within the scope of 50 ℃-150 ℃, and crystal form good, would be use as phase change materials filled heat exchanger.",0
"Catalytic gasification reactivity of lower ash melting point anthracite coal char with alkali carbonates as catalyst were investigated. The results showed that the catalytic reaction activity was affected mainly by temperatures, catalyst types and catalyst loadings. The order of catalytic activity was shown as follows: K2CO3>Na2CO3>Li2CO3. The reactivity increased with the increase of catalyst loadings. Analysis and experiment showed that the partly catalyst could reacted with minerals during the reaction and formed insoluble salts. The specific surface area decreased with the increase of catalyst loadings but their corresponding catalytic increased, which indicated that the catalytic was affected mainly by the active sites of catalysts.",4
"The results showed that imported Mozambique coal is a kind of coking coal with medium degree of coalification, which has medium ash and volatile, low sulfur and strong caking by studying the grindability, industrial analysis, ash composition, coal maceral, the caking and coking properties. Higher cold and hot strength coke will be got when it is used alone to coke. Compared with the properties indexes of high-quality coal that was made in domestic, Mozambique coking coal has the advantages of moderate sulfur, strong adhesion and caking property and so on. Therefore the Mozambique coking coal can replace domestic coking coal for blending coking. Through the experiment that Mozambique replaces domestic coking coal was made under different blending ratio in 70 kg test oven, the results indicated that Mozambique coking coal can be applied as coal blending resources in the company. In addition, the optimal ratio was determined under the premise condition of meeting the quality of coke. It also reduced the coke production cost by this method.",4
"This paper is aimed to discuss the influence of quality of coal with microwave dry technique, by selecting and analysing different characteristic indexes of coking coal. The results show that the microwave dry technique has no obvious effect on proximate analysis and caking index while removing the humidity of coking coal, no obvious positive effect on the Gieseler fluidity and Audiberts Arnu dilatation and large effect on behavior of colloid. The microwave drying technique has little effect on the quality of coking coal and is also advantageous to improve the quality of coking coal.",0
"The coal pitch water slurry was separately prepared using deionized water, tap water and coking waste water with surfactants and coal pitch powder, which prepared with medium temperature pitch by cryogenic grinding. Dependence of rheology of slurry on surfactants was discussed, then the absorption of surfactants and Zeta potential on coal pitch surface was investigated. The results showed that coal pitch water slurry with concentration of 70% could be all prepared by the three kinds of water, and apparent viscosity of slurry declined when shearing rate increased. Lower heating value, volatile and ash content of coal pitch water slurry that prepared by deionized water, tap-water and coking waste water could all meet Level 1, while sulfur content meet Level 2. Absorption of surfactants and Zeta potential growed at first, then fell slightly with increase of dispersants concentration.",2
"The experiment of combustion characteristics of Xiaolongtan lignite was carried out by a simultaneous thermal analyzer. It was at the different heating rate (5 K/min, 10 K/min, 20 K/min) which under the mixed O2/CO2 atmospheres that make the experiment feasible. The combustion parameters and kinetic parameters of the Xiaolongtan lignite were determined based on experimental results. The results showed that the TG and DTG curves of coal would move to lower temperature area, the ignition and combustion temperature would be higher, the burning time would be longer. Both the flammability index and composite combustion characteristic parameters would increase while the heating rate increasing. In addition, the activity energy changed with the variation of heating rate, there was an upward trend of the frequency factor of the Xiaolongtan lignite.",0
"Five kinds of coal slime briquette were used for burning test to study the combustion characteristics and influencing factors. The experiments show that forming process and binder almost have no influence on the combustion characteristics of coal slime, the early stage of coal slime combustion was mainly the devolatilization and combustion of volatile, having vigorous flame and strong fire. The middle and late was the combustion of coke, from surface to interior, the oxygen would diffuse into the surface of coke by the resistance of gray shell, volatile and combustion products from the interal. The briquette volatile is higher and the ash content is lower, the burning rate is greater, and easy to burn out.",0
"Indonesia lignite has the characteristics of high spontaneous combustion tendency and short spontaneous combustion period. Two Indonesia lignite were evaluated with spontaneous combustion tendency. In the whole stacking period, experimental piles of Indonesia lignite with high calorific value and low calorific value were studied in the aspects of piles temperature change objective laws in the different height and depth direction of the piles. The experiment results show the pile of Indonesia lignite with high calorific value is more broader in scope than the pile of Indonesia lignite with low calorific value in the same stacking time of sensitive spontaneous combustion temperature. Also, the function relationship of surface and internal temperature of lignite piles was established. Heat loss of Indonesia lignite was evaluated in the whole stacking period. In order to stack Indonesia lignite in safety and reduce heat loss, scientific guidance was provided in the aspects of arranging and revolving of Indonesia lignite in the coal-fired power plant.",0
"The aim of this work was to use low-cost coal chars prepared from Inner Mongolia lignite (IML) without further activation as a catalyst for hydrogen production by methane decomposition in the microwave-assisted heating apparatus. The condition of methane decomposition was investigated and the surface properties changes of the chars including surface area, pore volume and oxygen containning functional groups were analyzed. The results indicated that IML char prepared from 650 ℃ to 850 ℃ had a high activity in methane decomposition, at reaction temperature of 850 ℃ and space velocity of 600 mL/(h·g), the initial rate of methane decomposition over IML char prepared of 850 ℃ up to 61.75%. And the methane conversion increased with the increase of the preparation temperature of char and catalytic reaction temperature, and the decrease of VHSV. The catalyst deactivation was mainly caused by the changes of surface properties and the reduction of functional oxygen groups.",4
"A series of iron catalysts were prepared by the precipitation-oxidation method at different pH using ammonia as the precipitating agent and FeSO4·7H2O as the precursor. The catalysts were characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD), N2 adsorption, scanning electron microscopy and transmission electron microscopy. Water content of the catalyst were obtained by roasting the catalysts at 800 ℃ for 3 h. The results showed that there were big differences in the main crystal phase and microstructure of the catalysts prepared at different pH, the catalyst prepared at pH of 7.0 which showed the main crystal phase of γ-FeOOH and lath-like morphology, had the highest specific surface area, lowest average pore diameter, and the highest water content.",2
"Based on thermogravimetry-mass spectrometry (TG/MS) coupled system, the pyrolysis reaction of humic acid extracted from the weathered coal was studied. The pyrolysis curves of pyrotomalenic acid and hymatomelanic acid were analyzed, and the escaping rules of small molecules gas were discussed. The results showed that pyrotomalenic acid and hymatomelanic acid had the same weight loss trend, but the weight loss rate of pyrotomalenic acid was less than that of hymatomelanic acid; in the escaping curves of small molecular gas, the amount of H2 and CH4 escaping from pyrotomalenic acid and hymatomelanic acid were similar. The amount of H2O escaping from hymatomelanic acid was greater than that of pyrotomalenic acid. The spilling quantity of H2O is higher than that of CH4, CO and CO2 in the pyrolysis process , and the peak temperature of CO escaping from pyrotomalenic acid appears later than that of hymatomelanic acid; the sulphur components and functional groups of hymatomelanic acid were slightly more than that of pyrotomalenic acid; the quantity of light hydrocarbon escaping from hymatomelanic acid was significantly higher than that of pyrotomalenic acid; while both of them had basically the same escaping amount of light aromatic hydrocarbons. Apparent kinetics parameter was obtained by Coast-Redfern integration method.",0
"The proximate analysis, chemical composition, mineral composition, particle size distribution, pore structure and microstructure of fly ash from the pulverized coal fired industrial boiler of Shendong mine were studied and analyzed. The results show that the chemical composition of the sample is mainly SiO2 and Al2O3, followed by CaO and Fe2O3. The carbon content of the sample is 0.69%, while the amount of the ignition loss gotten under 1 000 ℃ is 4.35%. Most particle size of the fly ash is under 50 μm, while the particle size in highest content is about 10 μm, which is of 4.8% in mass of the total particles. The microstructure of the fly ash is mainly consists of the mesoporous slit-shaped pore with secondery holes. The most probable aperture is 3.8 nm and the specific surface area by BET is 36.5 m2/g. From the microcosmic angle, fly ash is mainly consists of hollow or solid spherical particles as well as some irregular shaped particles.",4
"The utilization ways of coal gangue in Lu’an mining area were investigated via proximate analysis, chemical composition analysis and mineralogical analysis for the selected 16 coal gangue samples. Based on above research, the alumina extraction experiments were performed by hydrochloric leaching method. The results showed that more than 62.4% alumina in coal gangue could be dissolved. The consumption of 1 000 kg coal gangue would produce 131.6 kg alumina and 500 kg acid leached residue. The acid leached residue containing about 83.9% SiO2 could be further used to prepare silicon products. The study provided a new way to the comprehensive utilization of coal gangue in Lu’an mining area.",0
"The coal gangue concrete hollow blocks were prepared with the self-ignition gangue and fly ash in Fuxin mine. Based on the theory of uniform design, the apparent density, water absorption, relative water content, soften coefficient, carbonized coefficient, frost resistance strength loss and frost resistance quality loss of the coal gangue concrete hollow block in different mixing proportion were studied, and the compressive strength equation was obtained by regression analysis. The compressive strength of coal gangue concrete hollow block was predicted by BP neural network, it showed that the predicted results were in good agreement with the test results. The test and calculation results indicated that using the coal gangue concrete block which strength reached the standard of building materials could reduce the engineering cost, control environmental pollution, in advanced technology, and worthy recommending.",0
