text,label
"The paper studied the distribution characteristic of EPA-PAHs in the pyrolysis gas of coals, the coals were low rank coals which suit for underground gasification and the pyrolysis experiment was carried out at 600 ℃. The relationship between the concentration of EPA-PAHs and the elemental composition of the coals was discussed. The results showed that, following with the elevation of coal rank, the concentration of low-ring PAHs decrease, while the concentration of high-ring PAHs and the total amount of EPA-PAHs in the pyrolysis gas rise. Naphthalene, acenaphthene, acenaphthylene, fluoranthene, pyrene and benzo(a)anthracene were the major component of EPA-PAHs. The three-rings PAHs take the highest percentage of 67-57%. When the carbon content is 76.98％, H/C molar ratio is 0.94, O/C molar ratio is 0.16 and the volatile content is 43.32%, the total amount of EPA-PAHs released from said coal reached the highest level.",5
"Based on space arrangement, size and running parameters of equipments and pipes in CH4-CO2 reforming with carbonaceous catalyst, this paper establishes calculation model of frictional resistance and local resistance, analyzes pressure loss of equipments and pipes by model, and optimizes the size of some equipments and pipes. The result shows that O2 accumulator tank, reheating furnace and O2 pipes have much pressure loss.After optimization, total pressure loss of system reduced from 8 260.6 Pa to 3 289.9 Pa. When entrance pressure is 40 MPa, exit pressure was 0.036 7 MPa.",0
"This thesis is aimed at developing new Mn-Cu sorbents with aluminate sol. The thesis also investigated the influence of sintering temperature, reduction time, sol amounts and space velocity on the sorbents’ desulfurizating behaviour. The experiment results indicated that 900 ℃ is the best sintering temperature and the pre-reduction process of 0.5 h in N2 and H2 would significantly improve the desulfruizing behaviour. The addition of aluminates sol not only prolonged the breakthrough time but also boosted the desulfurization depth. The behaviour of different sorbents’ to space velocity are disparate. However, the breakthrough time in low space velocity is much longer than in the higher one in general.",2
"The coke mechanical strength is an important index of coke quality, and an accurate predictive model of coke mechanical strength can ensure the coking production going well. Predicting the coke mechanical strength by support vector regression and detailedly analyzing the different forecasting effects with the different indexes of the blend coal and the coking process, the effective characteristic parameters are founded to establish the coke mechanical strength model. With the characteristic parameters selected, when 85≤M25≤90 or 6≤M10≤12, the predictive accuracy of the support vector machines model is high, the predictive error is small, the  correlation is strong, and the generalization ability of the prediction model is great.",5
The reflectance distribution of coal vitrinite and other coal properties of eighteen individual coals of Shuicheng Steel which are classified into six groups has been determined and analyzed. The analytical results of coal properties and coking tests for the eighteen individual coal samples have been analyzed and evaluated. The test results show the coals of Baohua group are the main factor which influences coke quality of Shuicheng Steel. So it is suggested the coals of Baohua group are divided into three sub-groups and stacked separately in three coal piles for coal blending. Three optimum coal blend schemes have been put forward based on reflectance distribution of coal vitrinite and common property parameters of coal. The coke quality is improved obviously and much superior to that of current production coal blend at Shuicheng Steel. The research shows that using the reflectance distribution diagram of coal vitrinite is an effective means of guiding optimization of coal blending and especially effective for controlling and stabilizing coke property at high temperature. It is useful and more convenient to guide coal blending by using reflectance distribution diagram of coal vitrinite when there is a lot of kind of coals and/or there are mixed coals for blending.,5
"Aimed at overcoming the problem of high water content in semi-coke product and large water consumption in the production process in the north of Shaanxi Province, the technological scheme of the pyrogenous coal gas used as semi-coke quenching medium to quench and extinguish the hot semi-coke was proposed in this paper. Based on the low-temperature carbonization process carried out in the shaft internal heating type furnace, the material balance, heat balance of semi-coke is calculated and energy consumption is analyzed. The results showed that the new process with semi-coke dry quenching technology could save almost 203 kg water and 643.30 MJ per ton of semi-coke, with the semi-coke sensible heat effectively recycle, as a result, water content in product can be obviously reduced. Meanwhile, the theoretical semi-coke yield can be improved because of the decrease of water gas reaction. The technology shows a good application foreground.",4
"Phenols in L-tar and H-tar of low temperature coal tar from Shanbei was extracted by soda wash method. The L-tar and H-tar were distilled into 170 ℃-240 ℃, 240 ℃-270 ℃ and 270 ℃-300 ℃fractions. And the total phenol content in these fractions were evaluated. The minimum amount of soda that completely reactioned with certain fraction oil was determined by the minimum soda-oil ratio. The best extraction condition was got by the orthogonal experiment. The yields of crude phenols from the fractions of L-tar were 29.21%, 19.70%, 16-95% under the best extraction condition, and the yields were 95.05%, 93.19%, 90.30%, corresponding to the total phenols in the fractions. For H-tar, the yields of crude phenols were 58.40%, 40.99%, 41.55%, and the yields were 91.19%, 87.74%, 85.83%, corresponding to the total phenols in the fractions. It is proved that phenols were extracted completely from low temperature coal tar by soda wash method through GC/MS analysis of soda washed oil.",0
"The sulfur fixation characteristics of co-combustion wheat straw, cotton stalk, corn stalk and high-sulfur low quality coal respectively were researched with quick intelligence sulfur analyzer. The influence of different mixing ratios, temperature and the composition of biomass ash to sulfur fixation ratio was analyzed. The results of experiment indicate that temperature make major impact on sulfur fixation ratio, the total sulfur fixation ratio decreases with temperature rising. In the same temperature, higher content of biomass makes better sulfur fixation effect. Sulfur fixation effect is different using different biomass. The contents of chlorine and alkali metal in biomass make great impact on sulfur fixation effect.",0
"A series of coal-based activated carbons were prepared from different coal rank of Taixi anthracite and Shenhua bituminous by KOH activation. Pore structure of activated carbons was investigated by nitrogen adsorption. The influence law and mechanism of coal blending to the pore structure of activated carbons were studied. The results showed that the  high specific surface area activated carbons(2 817 m2/g-3 134 m2/g) can be prepared with different ratio of coal blending. The ratio of coal blending was the main factor to influence the pore size distribution of activated carbons. With the increasing of the ratio of high rank coal in coal blending, the pore size distribution of activated carbons narrowed, and the ratio of mesopore volume decreased. The difference of the structure and properties of raw coal is the main reason to cause the difference of pore structure of coal-based activated carbons of different coal rank. The pore size distribution of activated carbons can be adjusted effectively by coal blending.",5
"Hollow carbon nanoparticles with particle size of 20 nm-40 nm have been synthesized in a metal-containing system using N,N-dimethyllformamide (DMF) as the carbon source via detonation-assisted chemical vapor deposition. More significantly, it was found that hollow carbon nanoparticles can be self-assembled synthesized without metal catalyst. In this process, the structures and sizes of the carbon nanoparticles are heavily depending on the ratio of explosive and carbon source. If the ratio of expolsive∶DMF is appropriate, hollow carbon nanoparticles are over 95%, and their particle size is around 10 nm with a narrow size distribution.",2
"Using the gangue as raw materials, the process synthesis of gangue-based adsorbent by self-transformation of gangue were studied under hydrothermal conditions; meanwhile, crystallization directing agent was added under low temperature and ultrasonic conditions. Its adsorption properties were primarily studied by means of static nitrogen-adsorption capacity method so that the nitrogen-adsorption isotherm, specific surface and pore distribution were measured under hydrothermal, crystallization directing agent at low temperature and ultrasonic conditions. The crystal phase of products was analyzed by XRD spectrum. The adsorption isotherm of gangue-based adsorbents synthesized by the two alternative methods was obtained by the adsorbent experiment of phenol. The results show that the specific surface area and adsorption capacity of the gangue-based adsorbent were effectively enhanced by crystallization directing agent at low temperature and ultrasonic method. XRD and particle size distribution spectrums show that the diameter of the products synthesized by crystallization directing agent at low temperature and ultrasonic method was far lower than that of the products synthesized by the traditionally hydrothermal method. The products have uniform granularity likewise. The crystallization temperature was evidently decreased by the energy supply of ultrasonic.",3
"This manuscript designed, simulated and carried 3E assessment of energy consumption, CO2 emission and economic cost of three dimethyl ether production systems in China, which are based on gas-phase methanol dehydration process (conventional process), gas-phase methanol dehydration integrated with coal gasification process (coal gasification process), and polygeneration process integrating coal gasification and wind power water dehydration (polygeneration process). And sensitivity analysis is performed on sensitive factors affecting the economic costs of dimethyl ether such as coal price, methanol price and equivalent capacity factor of coal-wind combined system.",4
"Fe-Mo/ZSM-5 has a good NOx catalytic activity. In this basis, we compared the preparation methods of catalyst powder, catalyst additives, carriers and other factors on the honeycomb catalyst reduction. The results show that the catalytic activity prepared monolithic catalysts by gas phase ion exchange method is the best, at 350 ℃, the catalytic activity can be reach more than 90%. In high temperature（350 ℃-600 ℃）catalytic activity remained at 100%. The addition of K+ catalyst additives help increase powder catalytic activity. Powder catalyst impregnated on the carrier and roasting 2 times is the best.",1
"This article use immersion method to make catalyst using active carbon supported acetate zinc, studied general immersion method and ultrasonic immersion method respectively, and got the optimum conditions of ultrasonic immersion method: dipping time 30 min, sound frequency 28 MHz, soaking temperature 45 ℃. The zinc acetate content of the catalyst made in this condition has raised 7% and specific surface has raised 30% compared to the catalyst made in general immersion method. Experimental results reveal that the catalyst made in ultrasonic immersion method has remarkable improvement compared to the catalyst made in general immersion method, and the catalyst activity improved about 34.54 at 180 ℃.",1
"Pyrolysis characters of Daqing oil shale was carried out by TG analysis, including the rate of heating speed and final temperature. It is concluded that major factor on pyrolysis is temperature. With the increase of temperature, the yield rate of volatile matter improves. And the pyrolysis character temperature of oil shale and maxium pyrolysis volecities were increased remarkabley. A kinetic model was built according to the DTG curves. The varieties on functional group of oil shale and semi-coke were analyzed by FTIR, which suggested that the functional groups of oil shale were similar to coal. The absorbance of simi-coke functional groups was decrease gradually with the increase of final temperatures.",5
"The development of coal to olefin technology made coal-based ethylene process producing PVC become an option. In this paper, different technology processes of carbon emissions (direct and indirect carbon emissions) were calculated and analyzed. Compared to coal-based ethylene PVC (pure boiler model) production process, calcium carbide and coal-based ethylene PVC (boiler+gas turbine mode) show lower carbon emissions. In addition, little mercury pollution was produced by the latter, so that there was certain advantage in the comprehensive degree of CO2 emission reduction, energy conversion efficiency, cost and clean production etc.",2
"The effect that the phosphorus in the municipal wastewater was adsorpted by roasting temperature, sulfuric acid concentration and coal-measures kaoline consumption was studied, then the adsorption isothermal, adsorption dynamics and adsorption thermodynamic were studied too. The result showed when the roasting temperature was 700 ℃; the sulfuric acid concentration was 70% and the coal-measures kaoline consumption was 0.75 g (per 50 mL water), the adsorption rate could be arrived the highest respectively.The action that the phosphorus in the municipal wastewater was adsorpted by sulfuric acid-activated coal-measures kaoline more fitted in the Freundlich model. Kinetic analysis showed that the adsorption rate was mainly governed by liquid film diffusion, and the adsorption process released heat.",0
"There is lots of lignite in China and most of the lignite is used directly in power generation nearby. However, the application of lignite in power generation results in a high capital cost and low combustion efficiency because of its high moisture content. Thus the dewater of lignite is very important. The moisture content of lignite can be decreased by drying with the changes in its internal composition and structure. Based on its high porosity, it is suggested to model the drying process as a porous media in this paper. Therefore, the drying process characteristics of porous media is firstly addressed. Moreover, the current drying mechanism of porous media and its future trend are introduced detailedly.",4
The modes of occurrence and cleaning mechanism of hazardous trace elements in coal were illustrated and pointed that the migration behavior of trace elements in coal were dominated by their organic affinities; the trace elements associated with inorganic minerals can be removed; meanwhile summarized the research situation of removing hazardous trace elements by conventional washing methods and pointed the trace elements can be removed by conventional methods; focused on the analysis of research progress of removing hazardous trace elements by magnetic separation.,2
"Issues related to coal grading utilization technology were discussed systematically in this paper. Based on the scientific concept of grading quality proposal and process route analysis, in addition to combined with Shanbei’s resource superiority of abundant  low rank coal and salt, three types of Shanbei resources’ comprehensive and efficient utilization technologies centered with coal grading utilization technology such as coal grading utilization-novel salt chemical engineering utilization mode, coal grading utilization-coal-based substitution for petroleum chemicals mode, coal grading utilization-SNG utilization mode were proposed. And the technical and cost-effect analysis have also been carried out. This work is significant for guiding the use of low rank coal in China.",5
"In view of that the gas calorific value is low, the experimental program of the oxygen enriched carbonization is proposed based on on-the-spot investigation of coal low-temperature carbonization application present situation in Yulin Northern Shaanxi. The theoretical calculation and the analysis of the experimental data have proved that the oxygen enriched carbonization is feasible. The oxygen enriched carbonization can decrease the nitrogen content and increase the effective combustible component content in the gas, it causes the gas calorific value significantly increased and have solved the problem of environmental pollution and resource-wasting because the low calorific value gas was utilized effectively and released into the air.",1
"The pyrolysis characteristics of mongolia lignite and indonesian lignite were investigated, and the influence of heating rate on the weight loss process were also discussed. The kinetic of the lignites pyrolysis were analysed with Doyle integration. The studys show that the weight loss process of the two lignites can be divided into four stages, in which the first stage(R.T.-200 ℃) is the process of drying degasification, and other stages are the pyrolysis process. The heating rate has slight effect on pyrolysis curve, and the kinetic parameters which was got by Doyle integration can reflect the pyrolysis condition well.",5
"In this study, the combustion behavior of coals and their treated coals, Liuzhi (LZ), Zunyi (ZY) and Wujiaping (WJP) raw coals, their deashed coals and depyrited coals, was investigated by a thermogravimetric analyzer (TGA92), and the kinetic model about coal combustion was also studied. For the deashed coals, the temperatures of kindling point and combustion peak all decrease compared to their raw coals, which may be related to lower activation energy in the deashed coals. For the ZY and WJP depytied coals, the combustion characteristic index is almost same to that of their deashed coals, the reason should be that the activation energy and pre-exponential factor, which co-affect the temperature of kindling point, combustion peak, the average and maximum ratio of coal combustion, all increased intensely in those depyrited coals. It is found that the kinetic model of coals combustion is first order reaction in a definition region of whole combustion range, and the most of correlative linearity factors is higher than 0.98.",5
"The influence of the inferior coals with NaClO4, MnO2, or BaCO3 on the characteristics of coal combustion was investigated by thermo-gravimetric(TG) analysis. The results indicated that the catalysts can enhance the release of volatile matters of the coals, furthermore, the ignition and burnout characteristics of the coal with catalysts are improved to some extent, on which the catalytic activity of the catalysts are in the order of NaClO4>BaCO3>MnO2 and BaCO3>MnO2>NaClO4 respectively. Simultaneously, the catalysts can increase the quantity of heat releasing of the coal. The function principle of the catalysts to the inferior coals is that the catalysts can promote the release of volatile matters and the contact of oxygen and coke, thus, the ignition temperature of the coal is decreased and the process of coal combustion is accelerated.",5
"The Erdos bituminous coal is gasified with K2CO3 as the catalyst in supercritical water (SCW) using a batch tank reactor. The effects of temperature, H2O/coal ratio, and amount of K2CO3 loadings are tested and investigated. Experimental results indicate that temperature has significant effect on the coal conversion and gas yield, and both the conversion rate and gas yield increase with increasing temperature; greater water/coal ratio can increase the coal conversion rate and gas yield, but the effect is less profound as the water/coal ratio increases; in the range of the catalyst loading between 5%-20%coal, the coal conversion increases appreciably with increasing catalyst loading amount. In this investigation, the optimum operating conditions are found at 650 ℃, 25 MPa, coal particle size within the range of 80 mesh-150 mesh, water/coal mass ratio of 20∶1, and K2CO3 concentration of 20%coal, and the coal conversion, gas yield, hydrogen yield, and methane yield are 84%, 3 000 mL/g daf coal, 1 900 mL/g daf coal and more than 450 mL/g daf coal respectively.",1
"The solidified liquid chemical ignition agent and ignition method are investigated in consideration of characteristics of the ignition in deep blind hole of the non-well underground coal gasification. The chemical ignition agent with stable performance and a combustion enthalpy of 14 246.5 kJ/kg is prepared with methanol as main fuel, stearic acid as coagulant, sodium methoxide as catalyst, aluminum and carbon powder as combustion improver, potassium perchlorate as oxidizer, nitrocellulose as binder, paraffin as plasticizer and sodium thiosulfate as stabilizer. The ignition test result shows that the coal seam temperature reaches ignition point 75 min after ignition; 85 min after ignition combustible component (H2+CO+CH4) composition of exit gas exceeds 20% and this indicates that the coal seam is successfully ignited.",5
"IGCC systems based on Shell and GSP gasification are designed and simulated, including a deep shift with 95% of CO conversion and no shift. The results show that the IGCC systems with the deep shift and without the deep shift based on the Shell gasification has the thermal efficiency of 41.8% and 34.8% respectively. The advantage of the system with the deep shift is that can greatly decrease CO2 vent. The ratio of carbon capture to total carbon is 92.5%. However, to the IGCCs with no shift, this ratio is 0.2%.",2
"Intensive heat transfer, mass transfer and complex chemical reactions have been occurred in Texaco gasifier. In this paper, based on mass balance, energy balance and chemical equilibrium, a simplified mathematical model has been established for Texaco gasifier, and using the powerful Labview software, the effect of coal-water slurry concentration and oxygen-coal ratio on the content of each synthesis gas component are  simulated, the simulation results agree well with the experimental results, and also taking the content of the effective ingredient (CO+H2) of synthesis gas as an objective function, the gasification parameters are optimized. This study provide technical support for the optimization operation of industrial Texaco gasifier.",4
"In order to understand the fusion characteristics of the agglomerates from the fluidized-bed gasification, the experiment was conducted to investigate the differences of ash fusion temperatures (AFTs) of the slag in the gasifier, spherical agglomerates and coal gangue ashes. It was analyzed from the aspects of coal ash ingredients and mineral crystal phase composition by chemical analysis and X-ray diffraction method (XRD). The results show that the AFTs of three ash residues are elevated from slag, spherical agglomerates to coal gangue ashes. The changes of ash compositions contribute to the variations of AFT, the decreasing of the total basic composition in three ash residues make AFTs increase, and vice versa. Low temperature molten matrix formed by gehlenite, anorthite and other calcium compounds make the AFTs of slag lower than the other two; the content of quartz in coal gangue ashes is higher that of spherical agglomerates and the skeleton role of mullite lead to the AFT of coal gangue ashes is higher than that of spherical agglomerates. The fusion characteristics differences of three ash residues are mainly caused by the migration and conversion during the process of Xiaolongtan lignite fluidized-bed gasification.",4
"Momentum, energy and composition equations of a new CFB desulfurization tower with gas bypass are solved by standard k-ε model, DPM, species transport and finite-rate chemistry model, and numerical simulation results agree well with the experimental results. The characteristics of desulfurization and flow resistance of two desulfurization towers are researched by numerical simulation, and the influence of gas velocity and circulation rate to desulfurization efficiency of bypassing desulfurization tower is also researched. The results show that both desulfurization and flow resistance characteristics of bypassing desulfurization tower are better than those of non-bypassing desulfurization tower. When gas velocity increases, desulfurization efficiency of bypassing desulfurization tower slightly increases and then decreases; desulfurization efficiency increases clearly when circulation rate of desulfurizing agent increases from 20 to 50, but it only has a slight increase when circulation rate is more than 50.",3
"Hydrogen production from lignite and coking waste water was performed in a continuous supercritical water reactor with feeding of coal water slurry. The effects of reaction temperature (450 ℃-600 ℃) and slurry concentration (20%-50%) were investigated. The results showed that the hydrogen yield and coal gasification efficiency in the co-gasification of lignite and coking waste water were higher than the separate gasification of them at the same conditions; the reaction temperature was a key parameter in the co-gasification, and the hydrogen concentration and yield increased from 21.5% and 85.3 mL/g to 42.3% and 371.8 mL/g by increasing the temperature from 450 ℃ to 600 ℃; 50% coal-water-slurry was continuously transported and stably gasified without plugging problems; carbon gasification efficiency of the co-gasification increased by increasing temperature and decreasing the slurry concentration.",4
"The direct liquefaction performance of Shendong coal was systemactically investigated in a batch autoclave. The results showed that with increasing of temperature, the total conversion and gas yield are also increasing, PAA yield is decreasing, oil yield is increasing and then decreasing; with increasing of reaction time, the total conversion, gas yield and oil yield are also increasing, PAA yield is decreasing; the suitable reaction temperature is 455 ℃, and reaction time is 120 min.",1
"In order to research the regular pattern of hydrogen dissolved in coal liquefied oil and hydrogen consumption in the coal direct liquification process, data on the high-pressure solubility of hydrogen in hexadecane-1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene, 1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene-quinoline, hexadecane-quinoline at temperatures from 453.15 K to 623.15 K and pres-sures from 1 MPa to 10 MPa were determined with an experiment-established apparatus that measured the solubility in vapor-liquid phase equilibrium sampling way. Meanwhile, the regular pattern of hydrogen dissolved was revealed in these mixed solvent system. A mathematical model based on Pierotti method and Henry law is proposed. Calculation of solubility of hydrogen in these mixed solvent system with the mathematical model that the expression of model is lnxH2=-aT+bT+clnT+dlnpH2+e, in which related parameters in model is obtained by regression of known solubility data for different solvents showed that the average absolute deviation(η) between regression values and experimental results is around 5.52%, while the average absolute deviation between calculation of solubility of hydrogen in these mixed solvent system with P/N/A model and experimental results is larger. The study indicated that the mathematical model has best application value in counting solubility of hydrogen in organic solvent mixtures.",0
"In the batch autoclave, high temperature coke-oven coal tar was extracted by supercritical methanol, and separated products using clan component separation, investigated the affect to the reaction characteristics impacted by reaction conditions such as temperature, pressure, time, etc. and analyzed the enrichment products with FTIR and elemental analyzer. The results showed that processing high temperature coal tar with supercritical methanol, coal tar in mild conditions can be upgraded in some extent, the yield of light oil was up to 78.19% comparing with 65.10% from coal tar in raw materials, H/C ratio increased 28.24% comparing with the light oil in raw coal tar and increased 109.62% comparing with the raw coal tar pressure and temperature have a great influence on the distribution of the product. The rising temperature is not conducive to increasing the yield of light oil fractions; lifting pressure can gained more light oil component; reaction time has little effect on product distribution in experimental conditions. FT-IR shows that after supercritical extraction, a large number of high value-added products can be enriched in the light oil fractions and that is conducive to further processing and utilization of coal tar.",1
"Coal tar is the major chemical product of coking plant, so its yield has great influence on the benefit of coking plants. By studying different kinds of single coal, several factors such as volatile component, caking index and macerals were found to affect the tar’s yield. The tar index which contained the above three parameters was first defined and was proved to be effective to characterize the tar’s yield of single coal. According to above research, a new method was proposed to anticipate the tar yield of blending coal.",1
"Activated carbons and hydrogen were prepared by KOH activation combined with steam activation from Shenfu 3# coal. Effects of ratio of KOH to the coal, heat treatment temperature, activation time on activated carbons performance  and hydrogen product were studied. Activation mechanism was also discussed. The results indicated that iodine number is 837 mg/g, methylene blue adsorption value is 430 mg/g with the activated carbon prepared at 700 ℃ for unit activation time 10 min, with addition of KOH whose ratio to the coal is 0.5. Under the same condition, about 33.1 mmol for each gram of coal is released during the activation.",5
"The removal behavior of organic sulfur in Wansheng high sulfur coal has been investigated. The inorganic sulfur has been removed by nitric acid. The effects of the concentration of coal slurry, the extraction time and temperature, the ratio of 1,2-propanediol to potassium hydroxide on desulfurization efficiency were studied in single factor method. The optimized desulfurization conditions were concentration of coal 0.05 g/mL, reaction time 90 min, reaction temperature 180 ℃ and 1∶1 volume ratio of 1,2-propanediol to potassium hydroxide, as coal granule size was 0.075 mm. Under these conditions, the organic sulfur has come down from 0.72% to 0.35%, and the coal defulfurization efficiency can come up to 51.4%.",0
"Single-phase NaP1 zeolite(ZFA) was synthesized through hydrothermal method(HT) and microwave assisted hydrothermal method(MW) from coal fly ash(CFA) pretreated by Na2CO3 fusion, the effects of pH value and adsorption time on the Cu2+ removal efficiency were investigated. The results showed that the two ZFAs through HT and MW also have high removal efficiency of Cu2+, at 25 ℃, solution pH value of 6, sorbent dose of 10 g/L, and contact time of 30 min, the Cu2+ removal efficiency is over 95%. The adsorption of Cu2+ on the two ZFAs fits the Langmuir isotherm well and the greatest adsorption capacity of HT-ZFA and MW-ZFA was 70.08 mg/g and 53.30 mg/g.",4
"USY and transition metal modified USY (M/USY) were used as catalyst to investigate the dehydration of low concentration ethanol to ethylene. The physical and chemical properties of the catalysts were characterized by nitrogen adsorption-desorption (BET), X-ray powder diffraction (XRD) and ammonium temperature-programmed desorption (NH3-TPD) techniques. The catalytic performance reached the best value when the cobalt concentration as 3% at ethanol concentration of 20%(percent of volume), reaction temperature at 250 ℃ and the weight hourly space velocity (WHSV) of 2.37 h-1. Temperature of reaction had a significant impact on the ethylene selectivity，and which increased from 24.0% of 220 ℃ to 95.7% of 250 ℃. When temperature is 280 ℃, the ethylene selectivity is up to 100%. The catalyst Co/USY has fine stablility and high activity after reacting 102 h.",1
"The research on the thorough treatment of the coking waste water has been carried out with slag of gasifier by pretreatment, in which the process condition of treating coking waste water was studied and the adsorption principle was preliminarily investigated. The results show that carbon-containing materials could be concentrated and ash could be separated effectively by screening and float-sink test and the content of carbon could reach 80%. The adsorption process had a big adsorption rate and reached adsorption saturation in 2 h. The removal rate of chemical oxygen demand could reach 88% when the concentration of carbon-rich slag was 30 g/L. The adsorption process could be described well with Freundlich isotherms equation. The char with the larger proportion mesopore was beneficial to adsorb the coking waste water, which had a bigger adsorption rate.",4
"The aim of the present study was to experimentally investigate the influence of calcination on SiO2 utilization ratios of oil shale residues. Three kinds of residues were selected from different processing methods including retorting carbocoal by solid heat carrier method, retorting carbocoal of Fushun-type and fine residues from a circulating fluidized-bed of a power station. Effects of calcination temperature, calcination time and particle size were analyzed with XRD patterns. Results show that a maximum SiO2 leaching rate of 80% can be received from the carbocoal by solid heat carrier method after calcination activation at 850 ℃ for 0.5 h, while those for the carbocoal of Fushun-type and residues from a power station are 75% and 60% respectively, without the need of calcinations.",1
"Fe(NO3)3 as catalytic precursor and Na2S as in-situ presulfurizer were impregnated on the Shenhua bituminous coals which were synchronously swollen with H2O, methanol, N-N dimethylformamide （DMF） or dimethyl sulfoxide（DMSO） at 20 ℃ for 12 h. Then the swollen coals were prepared by vacuum drying. The co-processing of swollen Shenhua coal and two heavy oils（LGAR and Du84） was carried on under the condition of the mass ratio of 2∶1 oil to coal, 8 MPa cold hydrogen pressure，420 ℃and 1 h. The coprocessing of the swollen bituminous coal and LGAR or Du84 was significantly improved on the coal liquefaction. Among the three swelling solvents, the improvement of DMF was the highest, that of DMSO was the better and methanol were the lowest. Du84 was favor in the coprocessing than LGAR. By XRD analysis, the iron catalysts on the swollen coal with Fe(NO3)3 synchronously impregnated with the solvents were amorphous and highly dispersed on coal surface and could transform into Fe1-xS in the coprocessing. During the coprocessing, the deactivation of the catalyst synchronously impregnated on swollen coal with DMF was not clear.",5
"The microwave co-pyrolysis of Wangjiagou (WJG) long flame coal and coking coal (JM) were carried out in this study to know about the changes of yield and composition of coal pyrolysis product with the different ratio of two raw coals. The results showed that under microwave pyrolysis conditions, the tar yield was gradually reduced with the proportion of JM coal increases, while the ash content and sulfur content of solid coke increased, and the SEM pictures showed the area of porous surface in the solid structure of coke was bigger, the porous borders became increasingly clear. The content of CO2, CO, CH4, and CnHm were gradually increased with the pyrolysis time before 3 min then started to decreased. With the JM mixing ratio increase, the CO2, CO levels have diminished, but the change of CH4 and CnHm content was not obvious before 3 min, while increased in the 3 min-15 min interval.",1
"XRD and FTIR have been applied to the investigatin of structural characterization of vitrinite and inertinite macerals of PS and SD coal,and the thermal devolatilisation behavior were seperated at heating rate of 20 ℃/min by TG/MS. XRD spectrum revealed the similar structure as graphite of coal and the crastallite structural parameters were determined: d002（nm）,dγ（nm）,Lc（nm）,La（nm）,Me and fa. The ratio of aliphatic hydrocarbon and aromatic hydrocarbon,the length of aliphatic hydrocarbon side chains and the substitutional condition of aromatic rings were determined by FTIR. This study reveals the rich hydrogen condition, aliphatic hydrocarbon side chains linking condition and the substitutional condition of aromatic rings of the sample. The TG and the thermal devolatilisation behavior have relation with the characterization of coal structure. The thermal devolatilisation behavior and generation mechanism of C1-C4  light hydrocarbon, hydrogen,benzene and phenyl were specially analyzed.",0
"In order to develop the technology of lignite comprehensive utilization and create new methods to optimize the utilization, hot water drying of lignite of Huolinhe used the method of screening experiment of orthogonal and uniform design was studied. Meanwhile, the result of screening experiment of orthogonal and uniform design based on SPSS11.5  was analysed. The result find the main factors of hot water drying of lignite of Huolinhe, reduce the research on the factors which are not great important, reduce a lot of experiments, save the cost and time of experiments, and determine the optimized levels of main factors and secondary factors.",4
"Pyrolysis and gasification study of four different rank coals were carried out in a horizontal tube reactor, and the major nitrogenous products were analyzed by a FTIR gas analyzer. It is found that coal rank has a critical influence on fuel-nitrogen ratio converted to HCN during pyrolysis and gasification, while affects NH3 little. Because the deep decomposition of volatile is the major resource of HCN production, the lower rank coal has a higher volatile content which would lead a high HCN fuel-nitrogen ratio, but fuel-nitrogen ratio converted to NH3 is similar for different ranks coals. The different ranks coals gasification in CO2 atmosphere shows that, most of the char-nitrogen is converted to NO, and the fuel-nitrogen converted to NH3 is increased compared with pyrolysis in Ar atmosphere, and the fuel-nitrogen converted to HCN is increased for different ranks coals except Indonesia lignite. We analyzed NO production in CO2 gasification, and recognized the direct oxidation of char-nitrogen might be the major mechanism of NO production.",5
"The water inflow into coal seam is a very important influence factor of UCG, the process of UCG under water inflow was studied in this paper by UCG model test platform. The research shows that (the average of temperature field) could direct response the high or low of gas component and low heat-value. The relationship between gas component, low heat-value and  was positive correlation. In the model test, the optimal ratio of blast volume to influx water was 2.5∶1 and the critical ratio was 1.4∶1, the decomposition rate of water inflow was stable at 10%. With the improvement of velocity of water inflow, the decomposition rate of water  inflow was dropped, but the decomposition of the water was unchanged.",4
"One kind of bituminus coal named Shenmu coal with potassium carbonate as catalyst was gasified with steam on a self-made pressurized fixed-bed reactor at pressure of 3.5 MPa. The steam partial pressure were 1.24 MPa, 1.83 MPa and 2.88 MPa at 600 ℃, while were 1.24 MPa, 1.83 MPa and 2.34 MPa at 650 ℃ or 700 ℃. A kinetic reaction equation was proposed based on an n order and Langmuir-Hinshewood expression by evaluation the carbon conversion behavior. The results showed that the gasification activities significantly increased with increasing of reaction temperature and steam partial pressure. In the n order expression, the order n was 0.732 and the activation energy was 102.63 kJ/mol; In the L-H expression, the activation energy was 109.23 kJ/mol. It was found that L-H expression was more accurate than the n order expression in describing the effect of steam partial pressure on reaction.",5
"In this paper, the reaction between total conversion and time was investigated by liquefaction of Yanzhou coal using a 17 mL tubular resonance agitation microautoclave reactor under certain condition. It was found that coal liquefaction existed an initial stage of high reactivity. During this stage, most of the liquefaction reaction was completed. Then the reaction mechanism of hydrogen for the initial high reactivity stage was studied by coal liquefaction. The results show that: 1) without catalyst, in the initial high reactivity stage of coal liquefaction,hydrogen could not participate coal liquefaction reaction; 2) in the initial high reactivity stage of coal liquefaction, hydrogen soluted in coal liquefaction solvent rapidly. Thus the main reason that hydrogen did not participate the liquefaction reaction effectively is not the solution process; 3) adding high dispersion iron catalyst with sulfur promoter in the initial high reactivity stage of coal liquefaction, hydrogen, activated by the catalyst impregnation, was able to participate coal liquefaction reaction. By which the total conversion increased more than 7 percent.",1
"Shenhua coal was swelled in an ultrasonic generator with pyridine as the swelling agent. In order to investigate the effects of ultrasound swelling on coal liquefaction, the loss of coal and swelling rate were determined and the IR spectra was analyzed. The ultrasonic swelling of coal can enhance the reaction of direct liquefaction of catalytic hydrogenation further by contrasting the liquefaction of coal swelled by ultrasonic wave radiation and the naturally swelled coal. The liquefaction conversion rate of Shenhua coal increases 3%-4% after the treatment of ultrasound irradiation.",1
"Study of Yima coal direct liquefaction under different reaction time, temperature, and initial hydrogen pressure was probed into. The experiment was investigated by reaction kettle with circulation oil and Fe2O3  and S catalyst. The results indicated that the best reaction conditions were at 380 ℃, 9 MPa, 120 min according to the oil yield , and the conversion of liquefaction decreased with the temperature, but the oil yield of liquefaction increased firstly and then decreased with the temperature, and the conversion and oil yield of liquefaction increased with the initial cool hydrogen pressure and the reaction time.",1
"A kind of composite catalyst of direct coal liquefaction has been prepared as the catalyst of Shendong coal. The affect of particle size of the catalyst on direct liquefaction has been carried out. Conversion and oil yield increased with the decreasing of the diameter of the composite catalyst, meanwhile the intermediate asphaltenes and preasphaltenes remain unchanged, and the gas yield and hydrogen consumption decreased. After the catalysts are grinded into less than 74 μm, the yields of the composite catalyst are superior to those of “863” catalyst. The products get much lighter, and the conversion increases, which show the high hydrogenation of the nickel in the composite catalyst.",1
"Adding self-made coal pitch powder to heavy oil could be obtained coal pitch oil slurry (CPOS), and the influence law of viscosity and rheology behavior were analyzed. The results showed that the viscosity of CPOS would increase with the higher dosage of the self-made coal pitch powder at the same temperature. The viscosity of CPOS with different concentration would decrease with the increase of temperature at the same shearing rate. With the increase of temperature, the decreasing trend of viscosity was gradually reduced.When the concentration of coal pitch powder was ≤12%, it has little effect on the rheology behavior of CPOS. With the increase of coal pitch powder’s concentration, net calorific value of CPOS appeared reduction, but the diminished rate was little.",5
"Using coal tar distillates as solvent, coal microwave-assisted extraction was investigated in this paper. On the basis of experiment, the effect of solvent/coal ratio, microwave radiate time on the extraction yield was discussed. The liquid yield can reach up to 25.51% at the optimal extraction conditions with solvent/coal ratio of 3∶1 and radiating time of 20 min, which implies a new utilization way for low carbonization coal tar. Dry ash-free basis coal and its residues were examined with FT-IR and SEM, which indicated that residual-coal’s (H/C) is decreased and the macromolecular network of coal is not ruined after extraction.",1
"The characters of QI in coal-tar are analyzed by ultimate analysis, FTIR, XRD and SEM etc, and it is showed that the QI is made up of coal powder, coke powder, pyrolytic carbon and condensation polymerization products. The content of each QI part in coal-tar is determined by floating QI in different density zinc chloride liquids. The related analysis data show that high QI in coal-tar is mainly caused by smokeless charging, the structural characters and heating system of 7.63 m coke oven, but the macromoleclar polymer makes the greatest contribution to QI, which is formed by high temperature condensation reaction.",2
"The effect of tannin extract in tannin extract desulfurization was investigated using UV-vis absorption spectroscopy and Foulier transferred infrared (FTIR) method. The study of interaction between tannin extract of oxidation state (TEos) and vanadium ion show there exists complex reaction between TEos and tetravalent vanadium ion/pentavalent vanadium ion. The study of reaction between TEos and bisulfide ion show: the reaction consists of two steps: the fast reaction and the slow reaction; concentration of HS- decreases with reaction time, and the reaction rate appears first quick back slow trend; the conversion of HS- increase with the increase of initial concentration of TEos; HS- reacts with TEos to form organic compounds containing sulfur, not to generate elemental sulfur.",5
"The combustion characteristics of three different ranks of coals (lignite, bituminous coal and anthracite) and their blend were studied by using the differential thermal-thermogravimetric analysis (DTA-TG). The results of TG curves indicated that the best heating rate was 20 ℃/min. Some combustion parameters, such as ignition temperature (Tb), maximum combustion rate temperature (Tm) and char burn-out temperature (Tf) was obtained. The differential thermal analyzer (DTA) curve can be used to estimate the heat released during the combustion process, which corresponds to the high heating value of the coal. The results of DTG and DTA indicated that the optimum ratio of coal blending for anthracite/lignite and bituminous coal/lignite were 3∶7 and 3∶7 respectively.",3
"A swirled burner is designed for burning low heat value of coal-bed methane. The influence of heat load and excess air coefficient on combustion performance is studied by numerical simulation, and combustion pollutant is calculated. Results show that counter pressure gradient is existed in the burning zone, and its existing can strengthen the flue gas disturbance，generate a high temperature zone and increase the combustion efficiency. The designed burner has a wide range of load adjusting. High combustion temperature and combustion efficiency can be kept even in the low load. The combustion temperature is the highest in the numerical simulation when the excessive air coefficient is 1.05, but the generation amount of NOx is only 25.1 mg/m3 at this condition.",0
"Experiments about the characters of coal combustion are done on the leveling-tube furnace in both air and oxygen-enriched atmosphere. The Fourier infrared spectrometer is applied to do the on-line measurement of the smoke. Different kinds of coals and different atmospheres have effects on the discharge of pollutant(SO2 and NO). Results of the experiments show that the precipitation curve of SO2 is almost single peak while NO’s is mostly double peak. The kinds of coal have great influence on the pollutant discharge, kinds of coal which is rich in sulphur and nitrogen will have more SO2 and NO precipitation respectively. In O2/CO2 atmosphere, with the increase of O2 concentration, the precipitation of SO2 and NO reduced significantly. The temperature(800 ℃-900 ℃) does not have significant influence on the precipitation of SO2 and NO, but the peak-to-peak value reached the maximum and the size of precipitation was the biggest when the temperature was 850 ℃. As a conclusion, we can claim that at temperature of 850 ℃, SO2 and NO are more easily separated out from the coal in O2/CO2 atmosphere.",1
"Mesoporous activated carbons were prepared from a lean coal in the presence of additive. Then the iodine value, methylene blue value and the nitrogen adsorption/desorption isotherms of activated carbon were characterized. The results show that the obtained activated carbons have great mesoporous volume without impregnating additive. The mesoporous volume can reach 0.287 4 mL/g and its ratio is up to 72.43%; both of microporous and mesoporous volume increase about 0.05 mL/g with additive, suggesting that the additive can benefit for the micropore forming and promote the mesopore growth, increase the total volume; the pore size distribution can be modulated by impregnating different amout of additive.",5
"The ammonia desulphuriztion waste liquid used in the process of flue gas desulphurization of power plant was studied in this paper. The proportion of the two kinds of desulphurization liquid was optimized and the liquids were tested with chemical analysis and instrumental analysis methods in laboratory. The results showed that the ammonium salt in the mixed liquid with proper proportion was converted to free ammonia, the elimination efficiency of SO2 in the flue gas was increased, there was no precipitation during reaction, and the sedimentation rate of sedimentation tank in power plant was accelerated.",4
"The effect that the organic matter in the municipal wastewater was adsorpted by sodium carbonate-activated coal-series kaoline with the time of adsorption equilibrium, the concentration of wastewater, the liquid-solid ratio, reaction temperature, pH changed was studied, then the adsorption isothermal was studied too. The result showed that when the time of adsorption equilibrium was 2 h; the liquid-solid ratio was 60 mL/g; pH was 6, the adsorption rate that the organic matter in the municipal wastewater was adsorpted by sodium carbonate-activated coal-series kaoline could arrive the highest, and heat was bad for the adsorption reaction. The reaction accorded to Langmuir equation, and the adsorption reaction was main chemisty.",0
"Based on the status of caking coal resources and domestic coking industry, their confliction is discussed in the paper. The different measures of enlarging coking coal resources and coke quality enhancement such as heightening the chamber of coke oven, stamping charged coke-making, coal moisture controlling, coke-making with briquetted coal, coke dry cooling and the disposal of waste plastic and waste tire with coke oven, as well as their effects on coke quality improvement are all summarized in the article. The prospect of trend of coking industry is also given in the end of the paper.",5
"In order to get the relationship between character of micromolecular thiophenes organosulfurs and coal properties, benzothiophene and dibenzothiophene were investigated as target compounds, and thiophenes organosulfurs were extracted from the raw coal by Gerhardt Soxtherm and analyzed by GC-MS. The relationship between thiophenes organosulfurs extracted and coal property were discussed. The results showed that the amount of dibenzothiophene was higher than benzothiophene which extracted from same raw coal; the amount of thiophenes organosulfurs extracted from the raw coal decreased with the increase of carbon content and in coal. And the amount of thiophenes organosulfurs extracted increased with the increase of both volatile yields and the O/C ratio. But the total sulfur content in the coal has no immediate with the amount of thiophenes organosulfurs.",3
The home-made quartz spring thermal balance (ZL 00247922.2) was used to investigate the CO2 gasification characteristics of three Huainan coal. It was shown that gasification active relationship of three Huainan coals in CO2 is LZ coal＜LY coal＜PY coal. It is suggested that the process of part gasification shift to combustion at the shift point of certain gasification conversion is a better choice to make complete carbon conversion while reducing the commercial gasifier volume.,3
"Eulerian-Eulerian two-fluid model was used to simulate the gas-solid flow behaviors in certain chemical fertilizer company’s running ash-agglomerating fluidized bed gasifier .The range and proper matching relations between fluidized and spouting gas velocity were showed from the simulating results.It shows fluidized gas velocity can neither be too small, which may lead to dead districts around the gas distributor, nor too big because the designing and operating characteristics of ICC will be lost. With the increasing of spouting gas velocity, the mixing churning is enhanced under a certain fluidizing gas velocity.However, spouting gas velocity which exceeds some value results in the flow structure of slugging and is not conducive to the operating of ICC efficiently and safely.",3
"Based on the application of chemical process simulation software, initial to predict water coal slurry gasified exported synthesis gas composition and temperature, the results are consistent with the literature.Through the simulated data to analyze how the main operating parameters of the gasifies effect the gasification，the basis for the actual operation was provided.",4
"A kind of composite catalyst of direct coal liquefaction has been prepared as the catalyst of Shendong coal. The affect of particle size of the catalyst on direct liquefaction has been carried out. Conversion and oil yield increased with the decreasing of the diameter of the composite catalyst, meanwhile the intermediate asphaltenes and preasphaltenes remain unchanged, and the gas yield and hydrogen consumption decreased. After the catalysts are grinded into less than 74 μm, the yields of the composite catalyst are superior to those of “863” catalyst. The products get much lighter, and the conversion increases, which show the high hydrogenation of the nickel in the composite catalyst.",1
"In this paper,the solubility of hydrogen in naphthalene was measured by using vapor-liquid phase equilibrium sampling method. The reaction mechanism of hydrogen for direct coal liquefaction was investigated by liquefaction of Yanzhou coal using a 17 mL tubular resonance agitation microautoclave reactor. The results show:1) that hydrogen solubility in naphthalene increases with the increase of temperature and hydrogen partial pressure, and the solution rate overall appears first quick back slow trend. Hydrogen solubility within 5 min has reached 76.21% of the maximum under certain temperature and hydrogen partial pressure, then it continues to increase slowly and achieves the maximum for 30 min；2) that the control step of coal liquefaction without catalyst in naphthalene is not the solution rate of hydrogen but the reaction rate of dissolved hydrogen participating in liquefaction; 3) that hydrogen pre-solution in naphthalene increases the total conversion of shorter coal liquefaction without catalyst, which is because partial dissolved hydrogen was activated in pre-solution process, resulting in the increase of active hydrogen in the initial stage of liquefaction reaction；4) that hydrogen pre-solution in naphthalene has a little contribution for the total conversion of longer coal liquefaction without catalyst, but it promotes the further hydrocracking and upgrading of liquefaction products.",1
"In this experiment the model of double balls gradation, three balls gradation and four balls gradation be used. The effects of slurry ability on factors of ball milling ratio, ball milling time, pretreatment temperature, rotation speed, cylinder size and types of additives be investigated. The dry coal particle gradation and water coal particle gradation method be operated. The viscosity and size distribution are analyzed by using DV-1+PRO digital viscosity indicator and Rise-2008 laser particle size analyzer respectively. Additionally, the stability of slurry be testified. The results show that the concentration of coal water slurry is up to 68% during the processing condition of raw materials size is smaller than 1 mm, ball milling ratio is 6∶1, rotation speed is 72 r/min. At the same time ,mixing with No.10# additive can get stable coal water slurry.",4
"Because of high valence metal ions contained in coal would reduce the perfor-mance of coal water slurry, sodium tripolyphosphate was selectd as a kind of adjustment agent to remix with different anionic dispersants to enhance the dispersing and viscosity-reducing ability. Through the experiment of adsorption mensuration，Zetapotential and the adsorption layer thickness of dispersant on the coal surface, it reveals the synergistic interaction mechanism of sodium tripolyphosphate with three different molecular structure dispersant SAF, GCL3S and FDN. The results show that sodium tripolyphosphate can help SAF increase electrostatic repulsion and steric repulsion between coal particles,which result in an increase of Zeta-potential and adsorptive layer thickness, to enhance its dispersing and viscosity-reducing ability, but mainly help GCL3S increase the electrostatic repulsion and help FDN increase the steric repulsion.",0
"In this paper, black liquor and lignite are prepared into water-coal-slurry（CWS）, and discuss the factors affecting CWS forming properties, including the highest slurry concentration, rheological property, stability and different kinds and amouts of additive agents. The experimental study on slurry showed that lignite and black liquor can be made into CWS, which has good performance. All of the CWS prepared have a good rheological property and stability. The slurry which dilution multiple of the black liquor is 5 have the best comprehensive performance. It can reduce the viscosity of CWS substantially when adding dispersant and stabilizing agent.",4
"There are big differences between imported coal and local coal. This paper showed the coal was imported from several Australian mines in a steel works, according to commonly domestic industrial index and petrology indexes of coking coal, the coking coal from Australian should belong to high quality coal, when it was blended simply replaced highquality local coal, the coke strength wasn't ideal. Through expansion degrees, fluidity and coke microstructure analysis, it was found  there are many differences between the imported coal and the blending coal.They must be optimized so as the coke quality was stable.",5
"To fundamentally understand the relationship between the bulk density of coking coal and the caking property will be of great help to develop new stamp coking technology. This paper investigated the evolutionary change of the caking property indices of 1/3 coking coal from Fangezhuang under the different conditions including bulk density, max thickness, final contraction value and volume curve of the gel layer and so on. Experimental results exhibited that when the bulk density was improved from 0.8 t/m3 to 1.1 t/m3, the caking properties were enhanced obviously with max thickness increment by 44.1% from 17.7 mm to 24.5 mm and the final contraction value reduced by 131% from 25.2 mm to -7.9 mm. The volume change of coal sample displayed characteristics featuring positive expansion. The microscopic coking properties can be improved greatly by increasing the bulk density of coking coal. The volume curve of gel layer varied from a single zigzag type to e type or a mixture of e type and zigzag type. The macroscopic coking properties of the 1/3 coking coal were approaching to that of fat coal when the bulk density of the test coal sample was improving.",1
"According to the methods for determining the minimum ignition temperature by dusts, an experimental system was designed independently to test the ignition temperature of hydrogen-carbon monoxide-methane-carbon dioxide mixtures. Ignition characteristics of hydrogen-carbon monoxide-methane-carbon dioxide mixtures were studied at atmospheric temperature and pressure on the system. Ignition temperatures were obtained respectively at different mixing rations and primary air ratios. The results show that the ignition temperature for gas decreases with the hydrogen contents increasing, but increases with the methane adding. Especially, the effects of carbon monoxide increase on the ignition temperature of gas are indeterminable. Ignition temperature keeps invariable, and is unrelated to primary air ratios when the thermal conditions of the system are fixed. Hydrogen, carbon monoxide and methane’s ignition temperatures are separately 563 ℃, 667 ℃ and 790 ℃ by experiments.",5
"Coal gangue is the largest emissions of solid waste in our country, which is rich in iron oxide. In order to abstract the iron oxide from coal gangue efficiently, from the perspective of chemical kinetics, the research on kinetics of sulfuric acid leaching Fe2O3 out of coal gangue was carried out. The result shows that this reaction kinetics coincident with the unreacted shrinking-core model, the kinetic equation is 1-（1-XB）2/3=kt, the reaction frequency exponent is 13 240,the reaction energy is 5.8×104 J/mol,and the diffusion rate of the fluid liquid membrane control the process rate.",2
"The impact addition coal ash on the calorific value of low ash and high volatile coal was studied. The influence of the amount and the sulphur content of coal ash on calorific value of coal was investigated. And the results showed that the problem of splashing of low ash and high volatile coal during calorific value test was effectively solved by addition coal ash. And there was a little effect of calorific value with sulphur content in coal ash. The quantity of coal ash was confirmed 0.1 g/g coal, while the calorific value of coal can ensure the accuracy and reliability.",1
"Activated carbon from petroleum coke by KOH activation was oxidized by concentrated sulfuric acid at 170 ℃ for 3 h, followed by heat treatment under protection of nitrogen at 450 and 750 ℃ for 3 h. The as-activated carbon, oxidized activated carbon and heat-treated carbon with different oxygen contents were characterized by nitrogen adsorption and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, and their adsorptive capacities for CO2 at 25 ℃ to 175 ℃ and 10 mbar to 15 000 mbar were investigated. It was found that their BET surface areas and pore size distributions were similar while their surface oxygen contents were different depending on the oxidation and heat treatment conditions. The adsorptive capacities for CO2 in the experimental conditions can be well fitted by Langmuir equation. The monolayer capacity and sticking coefficient decreased with adsorption temperature and the heat of adsorption changed little with the oxidation or heat treatment. The monolayer capacity decreased and sticking coefficient increased with O/C atom ratios. Suitable activated carbon should have a moderate O/C ratio for a better adsorption for CO2.",0
"Three samples made from different matrix carbon, after forming, carbonized and dipping process were chosen to study the microscopic structures and thermal conductivity of the block C/C composites before and after graphitization. They were separately measured by such means as SEM, XRD and thermal conductivity measurement. The results show that the apparent densities of the carbonized samples are 1.61 g/cm3-1.70 g/cm3 and the thermal conductivities are relatively low. The microstructure of the sample made by D 8 μm single cabon fiber weaving in two dimensions is in order and its anisotropic index of the heat conduction is about 4.7. But the thermal conductivity of samples produced by non-woven fiber bundle molded under pressure technology and graphite powder molded under pressure technology behave the isotropic characteristics in two dimensional direction. After 2 700 ℃ graphitization, the apparent densities of the samples are 1.61 g/cm3-1.69 g/cm3, having no significant changes.The thermal conductivities increase significantly，the maximum growth is 15 times than before, and the anisotropic index of the heat conduction in the single cabon fiber weaving sample enlarges to 6.3. The thermal conductivity of the sample made by non-woven fiber bundle molded under pressure technology remains isotropic, which is the highest, with 222.27 W/（m·K） in radial and 243.40 W/（m·K） axial respectively. In addition, from the room temperature to 300 ℃,the thermal conductivities of C/C composites decline gradually with the raise of the temperature.",0
"The regeneration of a spent actived carbon impregnated with Fe was investigated using thermal regeneration and thermal oxidation regeneration methods. At four kinds of temperatures(350 ℃,400 ℃,450 ℃ and 500 ℃),We chose four kinds of gases(N2,N2+H2O,N2+O2 and N2+H2) to study the regeneration of desulfurizer.The investigation results show that thermal oxidation regeneration by N2+H2O and N2+O2 is better than thermal regeneration by N2 and N2+H2, particularly, at relatively high temperatures (450 ℃ and 500 ℃, which are higher than the boiling point of sulphur).After there regeneration by N2+H2O and N2+O2 at 450 ℃ and 500 ℃，desulfurizer also showed good performance.",3
"Ce promoted Fe-Mn metal oxides nanosized particles have been prepared by co-precipitation approach. The products were characterized by powder X-ray diffraction (XRD), temperature programmed reduction (TPR) and BET study. It was found that the samller crystal size of iorn-manganese oxide can be achieved through CeO2 doping. And samples prepared with Ce pormoted show higher surface areas at calcinations temperature. At the reaction temperature range of 200 ℃400 ℃, the Ce promoted samples exhibited much better activities for SCR. But at high temperatures, the Ce promoted catalysts showed lower activities for SCR of nitric oxide with ammonia.",3
"To enhance the economic effectiveness of the crude benzene recovered from oil shale raw coke oven gas, this paper study the separation sequences for the crude benzene, simulate the process of conventional sequences and thermally coupled distillation sequences and calculate energy consumption and thermally efficiency of these separation sequences. The result shows that thermally coupled distillation sequences is the most effective energy-saving separation sequence to separate the crude benzene mixture in which light component is the major fraction. Compared with the direct sequence of conventional distillation, the result of energy consumption analysis indicates that thermally coupled distillation sequence could save energy up to 35% and its thermodynamic efficiency is enhanced from 7.4% to 11.6%.",2
"The work resorted CO2 replace strong acid as latent acidifier and highly selective separation method of acetic acid purifying, took residue of oil shale as raw material investigate preparation of high quality silica on the conditions of low corrosion and energy consumption, discover technological conditions influences on particle size of product. Obtained silica researched by means of XRF, IR, XRD and SEM, optimum technological conditions of preparation silica from NaSiO3 solution leached from residue of oil shale determined by homogeneous chemical precipitation method and the results as following, the reaction temperature is 50 ℃, the concentration of sodium silicate 0.027 g/L, CO2 flow rate is 20 mL/min, the dose of surfactant is 0.007 g/mL of volume of total system.The particle size of silica obtained on the optimum technological conditions get minimum value of 20 nm-30 nm and purity is 98.4% after acetic acid purifying.",0
"The pyrolysis and kinetic characteristics of two kinds of biomass left during forestry processing (pine,sinocalamus affinis mcclure) were studied with non-isothermal thermogravimetric analysis method. Effects of CO2 concentration and heating rate on pyrolysis characteristics were investigated. Kinetic parameters were analyzed with two different reaction models. The results indicate that with the increase of CO2 concentration, the changes of weight loss ratio were small in the low temperature zone, but the weight loss ratio and maximum weight loss rate increased in the high temperature zone. An increase of the heating rate also tended to slightly delay pyrolysis processes towards higher temperatures. It was found that nth order reaction model was better to solve the kinetic parameters in the low temperature zone. However, contracting volume reaction model was better in the high temperature zone.",5
"Simulation of syngas production from biomass gasification with Fe2O3 is carried out with Aspen Plus software, the effects of gasification temperature, operation pressures, and the presence of oxygen carrier on the distribution of the gas components are investigated. The results show that, H2 and CO are the primary products in the syngas of biomass chemical looping gasification. The increase of gasification temperature is beneficial to gasification process but the increase of react pressure is of no advantage for gasification process, and the optimal gasification temperature is between 800 ℃ and 850 ℃. The existence of oxygen carrier can improve the yield of syngas.",3
