text,label
"In order to realize the original ultra-low NOx emission from CFB boilers, it is necessary to deeply understand the NOx formation and reduction mechanisms during coal combustion process. The NOx reduction over chars (NOx -char reaction) is considered to be the most important process in nitrogen reaction system in CFB. The research on NOx-char reaction in literature was reviewed, and the NOx reduction process over chars was thoroughly discussed, focusing on the basic reaction process, the effects of minerals in chars and reaction conditions. The results show that chars can be directly used as the reducing reactant, and provide adsorption surface to the reducing gases, e.g. CO, H2, NH3, catalyzing the NOx reduction. Moreover, K, Fe, Ca and other catalytic minerals in chars can significantly promote the NOx-char reaction. Due to the coexistence of these reduction reactions, many influencing factors will affect the NOx-char reaction, including coal types, pyrolysis condition, reaction temperature, char size, carbon burnout level, CO/O2/H2O/SO2 and other environmental gases, minerals content and chemical composition. Additionally, in many cases, these factors are not independent, but interact with each other, and usually show the two-side effects of promotion and suppression of NOx reduction reaction under different conditions. It is necessary to investigate the system of NOx reaction process over chars further, especially to describe the effects of various factors quantitatively and establish an overall model of NOx emission in CFB furnace, for further exploiting the low nitrogen combustion potential of CFB technology.",4
"The different microstructure and physicochemical properties of low-temperature pyrolysis semi-coke which cooling by water and nitrogen were investigated. The results of X-ray diffraction and FTIR spectroscopy analysis show that graphitization level of nitrogen cooling is higher than that of the semi-coke cooled by water. In addition, the C atoms of microcrystalline edge are less and the absorption peak of functional groups are weak of nitrogen cooling semi-coke sample. The BET analysis results indicate that the specific area of nitrogen cooling semi-coke is smaller and the micropores (the diameter is below 10 nm) are less than that of semi-coke cooled by water. The grindability and tumbler strength test results show that the wear resistance of nitrogen cooling semi-coke is 20% less than that of water cooling sample, and the broken-resistance of nitrogen cooling semi-coke is also higher than the latter. The TGA results also indicate that ignition temperature of water cooled semi-coke is lower than that of nitrogen cooling sample, while the water cooling semi-coke also has faster average burning rate and better combustion performance than semi-coke cooled by nitrogen.",2
"The effects of K2CO3 and atmospheres (N2+H2, N2+H2O and N2+H2O+H2) on the yields and properties of products from pyrolysis of a sub-bituminous coal named Bulian’gou from Inner Mongolia was investigated in 3.5 MPa pressurized reactor at 530 ℃. The results show that the decomposition of K2CO3 and the addition of K2CO3 promoting the fracture of oxygen-containing functional groups in coal enhance the production of CO2 substantially. Compared with the catalytic pyrolysis in N2 atmosphere, the yields of tar and CH4 are promoted with the addition of H2 and H2O. Moreover, during pyrolysis in N2+H2O+H2 atmosphere, the yields of tar and CH4 further increase to 7.62% and 2.06%, respectively. The results obtained from the catalytic and non-catalytic pyrolysis in N2 and N2+H2 atmosphere show that effect of H2 atmosphere on the catalytic performance is limited. In addition, K2CO3 promotes the carbon gasification reaction in H2O atmosphere. Within the scope of the experimental study, effects of changing the atmosphere on the specific surface area and gasification reactivity of chars are not obvious.",2
"In order to broaden the scope of application of multi-stage vertical pyrolysis furnace, with the crushed low-rank coal in Shanbei as the test object, the moving bed resistance testing device and the continuous pyrolysis test device were constructed. The effects of different factors on the resistance of the moving bed and the dust content of the gas were studied, and the properties of the pyrolysis products were analyzed. The results show that the bed resistance increases with the increase of gas flow rate and bed height, and decreases with the increase of the material moving speed. The bed static resistance is about 15% higher than the dynamic resis-tance, and the effect of the gas flow rate is the most significant. When the bed height and the material moving speed are constant, the dust content of the gas increases with the increase of the gas flow rate, and the average particle diameter of the dust is 87 μm. The yield of semi-coke is 66.21%, the yield of coal tar is 8.72%, reach 85% of the yield of Gray-King, and the thermal efficiency of the pyrolysis test device is 88%.",3
"The lignite and palm kernel shell were co-pyrolyzed using a newly developed two-stage reactor under microwave radiation. The effects of co-pyrolysis temperature and catalyst on co-pyrolysis charactenstics were investigated. The tar and gas from pyrolysis were subsequently analyzed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and gas chromatograph respectively. The results show that there is a synergetic effect between lignite and palm kernel shell during microwave co-pyrolysis process. The yield of volatile matter increases compared with the calculated value. When activated carbon is used as the microwave absorbent, it seems to change in the tar composition towards smaller molecular weight products and this significantly promote the high content of H2 and CO in the gas phase. The total volume fraction of H2 and CO is 91.98% at 600 ℃.",3
"Mesocarbon microbeads (MCMB) were prepared by thermal polymerization using mid-temperature coal tar pitch (TP) as raw materials and anthracene oil and coal liquefaction pitch (CP) as additives at 440 ℃ for 8 h. The products were analyzed by polarizing microscope, X-ray diffraction analysis, laser particle sizer and elemental analysis. The results show that anthracene oil and CP as addtives can inhibit the excessive poly-condensation of TP. However, the mechanism of action of anthracene oil on TP is different from that of CP. Anthracene oil is as the solvent of TP in poly-condensation reaction, however, CP forms some nucleus at first in the poly-condensation reaction, and inhibits excessive poly-condensationthrough hydrogen transferring. With the addition of anthracene oil increasing, the yield of MCMB increases at first and then decreases. When the amount of anthracene oil is 5%, the yield of MCMB is the highest, which is up to 52.6%. With the addition of CP increasing, the yield of MCMB is increasing. When the amount of CP is 30%, the yield of MCMB is up to 56.8%. Because the effect of anthracene oil on TP is different from that of CP, the effect on the microstructure of MCMB is also different. With anthracene oil added, it has no significant role in promoting the arrangement of MCMB crystallites, and even has adverse effects. While, with CP added, it can promote the arrangement of MCMB crystallites.",0
"The renewable and “carbon zero emission” peanut shells were selected as raw materials for pyrolysis at 350 ℃, 400 ℃, 450 ℃, 500 ℃ and 550 ℃ in tube setting furnace. Then five kinds of peanut shell carbons were analyzed by proximate analysis, ultimate analysis, calorific value analysis, burnout experiments and thermogravimetric tests to determine whether they met the requirements of blast furnace injection for fuels. The results show that metallurgical properties of peanut shell carbons of five different pyrolysis final temperatures reach the standard of stipulating in the blast furnace injection coal, but the ash melting point is under standard of process, which needed to further explore optimization scheme. In conclusion, peanut shell carbons have the possibility to meet the metallurgical properties requirements of injection in the blast furnace.",0
"Cokes were prepared from the coking coal added alkaline earth metal Ca by pre-addition and post-addition methods. The solution loss reaction behavior of coke in CO2 atmosphere at different reaction temperatures were studied, and the microstructures of coke were characterized by specific surface area analyzer, XRD analyzer and SEM analyzer. The results show that adding alkaline earth metal Ca to coke can enhance solution loss reactivity. The reactivity and strength after reaction of coke prepared by post-addition method are higher than that of coke prepared by pre-addition method when the temperature reaches 1 200 ℃. The random pore model is used to describe the solution loss reaction of coke, and the activation energy of coke prepared by post-addition method is lower than that of coke prepared by pre-addition method. The microcrystalline structure, microcrystalline size and specific surface area of cokes prepared by post-addition method are changed.",2
"The three kinds of typical lignite samples in Yunnan Province were used to extract humic acids by base-dissolving acidification method. This research was focused on studying distribution characteristics of metallic elements such as K, Ca, Na, Mg, Al, Fe and non-metallic element Si in extraction process. The experiment results showed that the minerals in lignite are mainly distributed in the residues in the extraction process. The content of the corresponding elements in the residues and humic acids were determined by the background value of the content of the metallic elements and non-metallic element Si in lignite and the proportion of free humic acid in total humic acid. The content of ash in humic acids was far less than that in residues. Although the functional groups of humic acids from different types of lignite were similar in species, number and structure, the content of ash and minerals varied greatly. Among them, the content of ash and various metal elements of humic acid extracted by Zhaotong lignite are higher than that of the other two lignites, which indicates that not only the chemical adsorption exists between different functional groups and minerals, but also physical adsorption exists. This is related to the physical structure and surface properties of humic acid.",0
"The effect of rare earth tailings on the release of NOx in the combustion process of 0.1 g bituminous coal was studied by using a riser furnace under O2/CO2 atmosphere. The influences of temperature, rare earth tailings addition ratio and particle size on denitrification efficiency were studied respectively. The results show that the denitrification efficiency of rare earth tailings (48 μm-58 μm, 0.05 g addition) is about 60% of the NOx total amount produced by 0.1 g bitumionous coal at 1 000 ℃. It is mainly caused by the heterogeneous catalytic reduction. From the result of the XRD, it is found that the solid solution is formed in the reflected earth tailings compared with the sample of no calcined. It reflects the existence of synergistic action between the substances in the rare earth tailings.",0
"In order to explore the effect of coal gangue on the water environment in Hancheng mining area, the acid production potential of 13 coal gangue samples from different mining areas in Hancheng was studied by ABA (acid-base accounting) and NAG (net acid generation) experiment. Static prediction results show that Liaoyuan, Sangshuping, Xiayukou mining area of three fresh coal gangue have the potential ability of acid production, but acid production is not strong. The acid potential of Liaoyuan coal gangue is relatively high, Sangshuping coal gangue is relatively low; piled up for 3 to 5 months of gangue acid potential is 2-3 times higher than fresh gangue, belongs to the potential and strong acids. Pyrite and calcite are the main causes of AP (maximum acid production potential) and NP (neutralization potential). Correlation analysis showed that the correlation between AP and pyrite is not significant, but NP is significantly correlated with calcite. Comparing the results of ABA and NAG experiments, it is found that the NAG experiment is more accurate for the acid production capacity of coal gangue. Compared with the fresh coal gangue, the acid production potential of weathering coal gangue for 3-5 months is higher, it is possible to form acid mine water and promote the release of toxic elements in coal gangue.",0
"A review of the previous research on the mechanism for slagging during the high alkali coal combustion was presented. The occurrence modes of the sodium contained in the high alkali coal and the conversion rule of the sodium during the high alkali coal combustion was summarized as follows: during coal combustion process, alkali metals are released and transported either in the form of solid particles or vapor species in the combustion gas. The main occurrence modes of alkali metals in solid particles is, A-silicates and A-aluminosilicates (A represents K and Na), and the main occurrence modes of alkali vapor species is A(g), ACl(g), A2CO3(g), A2SO4(g), and AOH(g). The slagging mechanism caused during the high alkali coal combustion process can be illustrated as follows: the vaporized Na2SO4 and CaSO4 at high temperature will condense on heating surface and form an initial sticky slagging layer as an adhesive that bonds the subsequent deposits and heating surfaces together and the condensed Na2SO4 and CaSO4 react with the subsequent deposits from low melting point chemical compounds to promote growth of slagging. Furthermore, coating particles due to the condensation of the vaporized Na2SO4 and CaSO4 at high temperature on grain boundary and iron-bearing minerals promote growth of slagging. The mode of boiler slagging prediction and the current control technologies for the high sodium coal slagging were briefly introduced and some potentially promising research topics on the slagging mechanism of the high alkali coal were discussed.",4
"The Yili coal were swelled with four imidazolium-base ionic liquids (ILs) as the solvent at the condition of natural and microwave-assisted. The results show that the microwave-assisted swelling is much more efficient. After microwave-ssisted swelling, the macromolecular structure of coal doesn't change, but the microstructure of coal becomes looser and appears to be layered structure. It takes 24 h to achieve equilibrium for ILs natural swelling coal, but only 20 min for ILs microwave-ssisted swelling coal. In adition, the natural swelling time is 24 h, but the microwave-assisted swelling time only 20 min under 400 W. The microwave-assisted swelling ratio of coal with four ionic liquids were 7%, 23%, 37% and 63%, respectively, higher than that of natural swelling. The  pyrolysis kinetic analysis show that the activation energy of natural and microwave-assisted swelling coals is decreased 8.00% and 15.54%, respectively.",3
"Thermogravimetry-mass spectroscopy (TG-MS) analysis was used to investigate the pyrolysis behavior of raw and thermally pretreated coal samples at different temperatures. The weight loss, weight loss rate and the release of volatiles as a function of temperature were studied. The experimental results show that with increasing the pretreatment temperature of coal, the total weight loss and the maximum weight loss rate decrease and shift to higher temperatures. During pyrolysis, light gases such as H2, CO, CO2, H2O and hydrocarbons including aliphatic hydrocarbons, cycloalkanes, benzene, toluene, xylene and so on, are detected by MS. With the heat treatment temperature increasing, the release of aliphatic hydrocarbon decrease, while the temperature corresponding to the maximum release rate shift to higher temperatures. The release temperature range of light gases is wider (300 ℃-800 ℃), while organic volatiles are detect in a narrower temperature range (400 ℃-600 ℃).",2
"The chemical speciation of low, middle and high-sulfur coal was investigated, as well as the relative amount of sulfur in different kinds of coal with XPS method was analyzed. The weight loss and the pyrolysis gas escaping process were recorded by TG-MS. The result shows that the inorganic sulfur of the middle and high sulfur coal are significantly higher than that of the low-sulfur coal, while the relative amount of thiophene and sulfoxide are lower than that of low-sulfur coal. The weightlessness process of different kinds of coal are similar and can be divided into three stages: the release of water, the removal of the adsorbed gas, lively thermal decomposition and secondary pyrolysis. The escaping process of different sulfur-containing gases in the pyrolysis process is quite different, while it is closely related to the chemical speciation and the relative amount of sulfur in the coking coal.",1
"The experimental research and theoretical analysis on the pollution formation of n(H2)∶n(CO) syngas coflow diffusion flame was carried out. The numerical work was done by Fluent coupled with detailed reaction mechanism. The formation route of NO was investigated. In order to provide guidance for the design and optimization of combustion equipment, the pollution formation during combustion of syngas with different n(H2)∶n(CO) at different pressure was studied. The results show that the peak flame temperature of H2/CO syngas coflow diffusion flame increases obviously with the increase of pressure. The NO formation shows the same trend. The NO produced through thermal route dominates the variation trend. Besides, NO formation increases with the n(H2)∶n(CO) ratio in syngas coflow flame.",1
"The composite materials of molybdenum carbides supported on activated semi-coke with different Mo loadings were prepared by thermal decomposition of the mixture of HLH de-ashed lignite and the complex of hexamethylentetramine (HMT) and ammonium molybdate (AHM). The synthesized catalysts were characterized by XRD, SEM, HRTEM, XPS, H2-TPSR and the effects of Mo loadings on methanation were evaluated. The results show that the dispersion of Mo decreased and the configuration of Mo changed with the increase of Mo loadings. The conversion of CO increase, while the tendency of increase is reduce with the increase of Mo loadings. The conversion rate of CO on unit mass of Mo decreases with the increase of Mo loadings. The selectivity of CH4 is best on the sample of 20%Mo/ASC due to the better intrinsic catalytic activity and the highest rate of catalytic hydropyrolysis.",5
"The gas-solid flow characteristics in a two-dimension pressurized bubbling fluidized bed were investigated through a simulation based on Euler two-fluid model. The results show that under the same apparent gas velocity, the elevated operating pressure can cause a higher volume fraction of bubbles and a more obvious boundary between bubbles and emulsions, which result in much stronger flow and mixing between two phases. Meanwhile, the radial distribution of solids’ vertical velocity in the middle and upper of bed presents more inhomogeneous: solids vertical velocity increases in the central region, while decreases near the wall. Moreover, the bed expansion height increases with the elevated operating pressure; accordingly, gas holdup increases. The distribution of solid holdup becomes more homogeneous in the radical direction: the particles concentration decreases in the bottom and increases in the top. The fluctuation of bed pressure is primarily composed of two components: one with low-frequency/high-amplitude, the other with low-amplitude/high-frequency. The intensity of pressure pulsation inside the bed shows a tendency to increase initially then decrease rapidly with increase of the bed height. In addition, the intensity of pressure pulsation increases with the elevated operating pressure, indicating that the bed pressure fluctuates more intensely. Furthermore, particles show higher granular temperature with the elevated operating pressure, indicating of an enhanced particle velocity fluctuation.",2
"The reaction effect of FCC slurry from a Shandong refining factory and coals from Hami was studied. The results show that when the coal addition reaches 30%, the viscosity of oil-slurry is 1 375 mPa·s, which is much higher than that of oil-slurry produced by directly-liquefied coals, and this is not good for pump transfer. Therefore, how to reduce the viscosity of oil-slurry is one of the important problems that the coal-oil synergistic technology has to solve. When the coal addition is 30%-35%, the reaction temperature is 450 ℃ and the residence time is 2.0 h, better co-processing effects of FCC slurry and coal reactions can be achieved with the conversion of 98% and oil yield of 80%. With hydrogenation of FCC slurry to improve its quality, the viscosity of oil-slurry can be reduced considerably, and the effects of co-processing can also be ameliorated when the coal addition is 40%. Furthermore, the conversion rises from 92.4% to 96.5%, and the oil yield increases from 71.12% to 79.19%.",3
"The activated carbon was prepared by KOH activation process, and the optimum technological parameters were obtained by orthogonal experiment: the lignite particle size is 0.075 0 mm-0.150 0 mm (100 mesh-200 mesh), the mass ratio of KOH and activated carbon is 3∶1, the activation temperature is 600 ℃, and the activation time is 1 h. The optimum specific surface area through the optimum process is 504.7 m2/g, and the degree of graphitization is low. The specific capacitance is 107.7 F/g, the specific capacitance retention was 96.6% at 2 times the current and 93.8% at 5 times the current, the attenuation is small and the magnification performance is good.",5
"With NaOH as catalyst, humic acids were prepared by degrading the macromolecular structure of lignite using hydrolysis reaction, and the effects of temperature, ρ(NaOH), reaction time and V(water)∶m(coal) on the yield of humic acids were researched. The results show that the hydrolysis reaction can greatly improve the yield of humic acids from 11.25% to 78.38% by optimizing the hydrolysis conditions. The structure characteristics of humic acids were investigated by means of ultimate analysis, UV-Vis spectra and FTIR spectra. The results indicate that the type of functional groups are similar in both kinds of humic acids. The phenolic hydroxyl groups are the primary acidic functional groups, and the carboxyl group content of original humic acids is higher than that of regenerated humic acids. Compared with regenerated humic acids, the molecular weight of original humic acids is higher, but there are more substituents on the aromatic nucleus of regenerated humic acids.",0
"The preparation process of spherical form-stable composite phase change material for high temperature thermal storage by the use of dry pressing is researched. The nearly spherical form-stable phase change material with 7.5 mm in diameter, which is expected to be adopted in high temperature thermal storage with spherical capsule packed bed, is obtained by the way of utilizing fly ash as the ceramic matrix, aluminum as the phase change medium and PVA as adhesive. Non-pressurized sintering without protective gas with the help of program temperature controlling from room temperature to 1 000 ℃ was employed to process the green sample after dry pressing. The results show that the content of phase change medium, the amount of blank and the pressure of blank shaping affect the sphericity and sintering stability of materials significantly. The phase change material pure aluminum combines the silicon in the fly ash, forming Al-Si eutectic alloy after sintering. On the prerequisite of 0.35 g in the amount of green sample and 0.6 MPa in forming pressure, the aluminum content, sphericity, density and phase change temperature of spherical material with 7.5 mm in diameter could be 57%, 0.92, 1.60 g/cm3 and 577.33 ℃, respectively. The latent heat is 62.49 J/g after 20 times of thermal shock.",5
"To increase the throughput and carbon conversion of coal gasifier, the ash agglomerating fluidized bed gasifier has been upgraded to the multi-stage conversion fluidized bed coal gasification (MSFBG) technology, which integrates the concept of fast fluidization technology, was proposed and presented by the Institute of Coal Chemistry, China Academy of Sciences. The gasifier is divided into two zones: the high-speed riser in the upper region and the dense jetting-fluidization zone in the lower region. The latter makes it possible to preserve the characteristics of agglomerating fluidized bed gasifier. While in the high-speed riser, the enhanced contact of gas and solid and long residence time are achieved by increasing the circulating ratio of fine powder, and a high gasification temperature is obtained by feeding oxygen. All of these can help to obtain a higher carbon conversion and processing capacity. In order to achieve the above-mentioned goals, the characteristics and kinetics of coal-pressured gasification were studied and analyzed. The influence of operation parameters and key structure on the gas-solid flow and distribution of concentration field were studied. Furthermore, the numerical simulation of gas-solid flow in gasifier and the influence of second blown gas on the flow field of lifting section were investigated. On the basis of these, the design and building of MSFBG pilot plant with a daily coal capacity of 100 t at 3.0 MPa were carried out. Some pilot gasification tests with Shenmu coal and its char, in which pressure is from 1.0 MPa to 2.8 MPa, pure oxygen/air blast acted as testing condition, were carried out. The results show that a reliable, stable and long-term operation can be easily achieved in the pressure range. In addition, the char also can be directly gasified; the carbon conversion can reach 95%; the performances of MSFBG has achieved the advanced level of the similar gasifiers. Moreover, the design software package and techno-economic evaluation of kiloton industrial demonstration device have also been finished.",3
"To investigate the relationship between micro roughness,surface free energy and wettability of coal dust,the micro roughness and the contact angle of four typical coal samples were measured by atomic force microscope(AFM) and contact angle measuring instrument, and the surface free energy was estimated by van Oss-Chaudhury-Good theory. The results indicate that surface roughness has a certain relation with the wettability of coal dust and the correlation coefficient (R2) between the surface roughness (Sa and Sq) and the contact angle are 0.940 5 and 0.872 2, respectively. With the increasing of surface roughness, the contact angle increases and the wettability of coal dust becomes worse. The free energy calculation results show that the four coal samples are approximately low-energy nonpolar surfaces. The surface free energy (γs) of coal dust is consistent with the change of contact angle and with increasing polar Lewis acid-base of surface free energy, the wettability of coal dust is enhanced. The surface roughness has a certain correlation with the surface free energy and the correlation coefficient (R2) is 0.842 6.",0
"Low temperature nitrogen adsorption method was used to study on the variation of pore structure of Shengli lignite in low temperature (350 ℃-600 ℃) pyrolysis process. The effects of pyrolysis temperature and de-ashing treatment on pore structure parameters including average pore diameter, specific surface area and pore size distribution were studied. And two fractal dimensions D1 and D2 were calculated using the FHH(Frenkel-Halsey-Hill) method at relative pressures of 0 to 0.50 and 0.50 to 0.95, respectively. The results indicate that the specific surface area and pore volume of semi-coke have the same variation trends while the specific surface area and average pore size show the opposite variation trends in the pyrolysis process. When the pyrolysis temperature is above 500 ℃, more abundant porous structure, larger specific surface area and micropore volume have been formed during the process of de-ashed lignite pyrolysis. And the number of pores with an aperture interval in 0.45 nm-1.58 nm and 2.65 nm-10.00 nm significantly increases. The results of FHH method analysis demonstrate that there are two kinds of opposite trend fractal dimensions in the semi-coke: D1 and D2. Pyrolysis temperature lower than 450 ℃, D1 can be used to describe the micropore surface roughness of the semi-coke which are produced by de-ashed lignite. While D2 can reflect the roughness of the mesopore volume adequately in the whole pyrolysis process.",4
"The co-pyrolysis experiments of low metamorphic pulverized coal (SJC), heavy oil (HS), coal tar pitch (LQ) and coking coal (JM) were carried out . The research focused on the composition and structure of co-pyrolysis products after adding the heavy oil (HS). FTIR and GC-MS were used to investigate the structure and composition of solid products and pyrolysis tar respectively. Results show that the addition of HS can effectively improve the distribution and structure of pyrolysis products in the process of co-pyrolysis of low-rank coal. The solid coke yield gradually decreases, while the tar yield first increases and then decreases, the gas yield first decreases and then increases; the contents of phenols and alcohols functional groups on the surface of solid coke increase; the pyrolysis CH4 gas content gradually increases, while H2 content gradually reduces. When the amount of HS is 20%, the yield of tar reaches 33%, the volume fraction of CH4 and H2 in gas increase to 33.16% and 19.61% respectively, and the total volume fraction of CO+CH4+H2 reaches 65.54%. With the increase of the proportion of HS, the aromatics structure in HS is pyrolyzed and the content of aromatics in tar decreases sharply. With the increase of HS addition ratio, the hydrocracking of aromatic structures in HS causes a sharp decrease in aromatic hydrocarbon content in tar, while the contents of alkanes and phenols increase, and the synergy between SJC and HS becomes more pronounced. The maximum mass fraction is 21.87%, while the aromatics reduce by 24.20%. Meanwhile, the content of C5-C10 in tar gradually increases, while the contents of C11-C19 and C≥20 decrease. The maximum amount of light components is 28.81%, when the addition of HS is 20%. However the contents of medium and heavy components reach their minimum values.",5
"Low-temperature co-pyrolysis experiment of lignite-corncob mixture at different mass fraction was carried out by using a self-designed low-temperature pyrolysis device. The results show that when the corncob mass fraction is 30%, the tar yield reaches 11.70%, which is 53.75% higher than that of the lignite pyrolysis. The thermogravimetric analysis of lignite, corncob, lignite and 30% corncob mixture shows that the addition of corncob reduces the initial pyrolysis temperature of coal, and the whole TG curves shift to the low temperature region, which shows obvious promotion of pyrolysis. The results of GC-MS show that the contents of aliphatic and phenol increase by 27.79% and 193.96%, while the contents of acids and heteroatoms decrease by 26.42% and 55.19%, respectively, with the addition mass fraction of 30% corncob. Moreover, the content of light oil increases from 4.68% to 27.13%, which achieves a substantial pyrolysis of tar and high-quality tar generation.",5
"In order to improve the surface hydrophobicity and the floatation efficiency of fine oxidized coal, three kinds of nonionic surfactants containing different hydrophobic chains including C12EO15, AC-1215, and NPEO15 were selected. The effects of initial mass concentration and adsorption time on the adsorption amount of three surfactants on oxidized coal surface were investigated. FTIR and flotation experiments were carried out to compare the adsorption differences on oxidized coal surface of three surfactants. The results show that the structure of hydrophobic tail chain of nonionic surfactant has an important influence on the adsorption effect on oxidized coal surface.In the experimental mass concentration range, with the increase of the mass concentration of three solvents, the adsorption capacity and cleaned coal yield of oxidized coal both increase, C12EO15 can significantly enhance the surface hydrophobicity of oxidized coal, the cleaned coal yield rises from 49.39% to 84.83%; and NPEO15 is the second, the cleaned coal yield is up to 81.14%; the adsorption effect of AC-1215 is general, and the cleaned coal yield is up to 58.58%.",3
"A coal flotation slurry from a selected plant in Yunnan was obtained by flotation process. The sulfur content is 1.36%, of which organic sulfur accounted for 82.35%, and physical separation method was difficult to remove sulfur further. The low temperature isolation air roasting method was used to reduce sulfur in slime, and the influence of different roasting condition on sulfur reduction was studied. The results show that in condition of the amount of DP 5%, the roasting temperature 450 ℃, roasting time 40 min and pellet diameter <9 mm, the final sulfur content after roasting can be reduced to below 0.30%, and the effect of reducing sulfur is significant. The contents of other harmful elements, such as phosphorus and arsenic, are also low.",1
"The effects of moisture, pressure, mixing ratio (mass ratio) and temperature on the cracking behavior of coal slime briquette through initial crack time and continuous crack time and micromorphology of briquette were investigated. The results show that water evaporation is an important process during coal slime briquette cracking. The pressure has an influence on the cracking by affecting the internal structure of coal slime briquette and the briquette becomes compacted under the increasing pressure. It results in the gathering of produced gas, thus the briquette is more prone to crack. The mixing ratio of coal slime and limestone affects the cracking behavior by changing the structure and composition of coal slime briquette. High mass fraction of limestone in coal slime briquette has more compact structure and the heat transfer rate is higher, which is helpful for cracking. The influence of temperature on cracking behavior is reflected in temperature gradient between inside and outside of briquette. Furthermore, the cracking characteristics are affected by two aspects of thermal stress and chemical reaction.",5
"The influence on properties，surface morphology and fractal description of pore structure of coke samples treated by BP inhibitor were investigated. The results show that after treated by BP inhibitor, the thermal performances of coke samples are improved，the pores of coke samples are decreased, as well as the pore volume and specific surface area, which are beneficial to inhibit coke deterioration reaction. The adsorption-desorption data of coke samples were measured and fitted using Frenkel-Halsey-Hill equation, it is found that there are fractal phenomena in pore structure of coke samples in the study scale and the fractal dimensions of coke samples treated by BP inhibitor are lower than that of the original coke sample. The results explain that BP inhibitor can effectively inhibit coke deterioration reaction by infiltrating into or covering the pore structure of coke and reducing pore roughness.",4
"Based on Aspen Plus software, an air-steam composite gasification model of petroleum coke was established. The numerical simulation results of the model coincide with the experimental values. The effects of gasification temperature, pressure, equivalence ratio and msteam∶mpc (subscript pc means petroleum coke) on gas volume fraction, gas calorific value and gas yield were investigated by using Aspen Plus sensitivity analysis module. The results show that when the equivalence ratio and msteam∶mpc are selected the appropriate value, temperature has little influence on the gas volume fraction. The higher pressure contributes to more methane production and the gas calorific value. With the increase of equivalence ratio, the gas calorific value is reduced owing to enhancing of oxidation reaction intensity. The higher msteam∶mpc contributes to more hydrogen production, but lower calorific value. The changing trend of the calorific value is opposite to that of gas yield.",3
"A kind of waste heat recovery endothermic device for the riser with special high strength metallic sodium material as heat conduction lining was proposed. The heat conduction lining is used as the temperature switch to control the tar condensation and precipitation, when the temperature of crude gas is higher than 500 ℃, the heat transfer performance can be enhanced, when the temperature is lower than 500 ℃, it is manifested as poor heat conductors, which can not only maximize the heat transfer, but also avoid coking on the inner wall of the riser. A set of waste heat recovery system was designed and tested with this endothermic device. The effective heat transfer efficiency of the riser waste heat recovery device is 79.16%, and the coking furnace annual energy saving is 1.668×1011 kJ, to ensure the coking production process, and improve the steam rate.",1
"Jincheng anthracite and Yulin semi-coke were selected as raw materials, and the combustion characteristics of raw materials were studied by TGA with different blending ratios. The performance evaluation of briquette was carried out to grasp the combustion characteristics and pollutant emission rules of briquette. The results show that with the increase of the mass fraction of semi-coke, the compressive strength of briquette decreases and the thermal stability does not change. With the addition of semi-coke, the residual carbon ratio of briquette decreases and the emission of NOx decreases.NOx emissions of semi-coke briquette only takes one thirds of that of anthracite coal briquette, but the CO emissions of semi-coke briquette is two times bigger than that of anthracite briquette; when the mass fraction of semi-coke is 60%, the combustion time of briquette is the longest.",5
