text,label
"According to the swelling measurement principle, combined with a linear variable differential transformer (LVDT) deformation transducer, an apparatus for measuring coal swelling in solvent at elevated temperature and pressure was made. Changes of swelling ratio of the different particle size B3 coal in N2 atmosphere in Shenhua recycle oil were measured. The effect of initial pressure, atmosphere, and coal rank was investigated, and non-isothermal swelling kinetic equation was used to fit the swelling data. The results show that the changes of swelling ratio of B3 increase with temperature increasing, achieve the maximum at 300 ℃ and decrease because of the coal cracking. The higher initial pressure and H2 atmosphere are helpful to coal swelling in solvent. The swelling ratios of the coals in tetralin are relatively higher than that in recycle oil. The non-isothermal swelling kinetics analysis show that the coal swelling in the solvent follows a simple series reaction mechanism and the activation energy is between 20 kJ/mol and 60 kJ/mol.",4
"The effects of particle size on gas yields and gaseous compound contents were investigated by Inner Mongolia lignite pyrolysis tests performed in fixed-bed reactor. The structural characteristics of chars were determined by methods of XRD and physical adsorption. Reactivities of chars of different particle sizes with steam were studied by a thermogravimetric analyzer. The results show that the pyrolysis gas yield decreases as the particle size increases. For gaseous compound contents, the content of CO2 increases with particle size, but contents of CO, H2, CH4 show opposite trends. The degree of graphitization and the specific surface area of the char with relatively large particle size are relatively low, due to the incomplete devolatilization of the char. In addition, the reactivity of char gasification with steam decreases as the particle size increases.",0
"The weight loss data of temperature programmed pyrolysis of Zhundong raw coal at three heating rates were investigated and the kinetic parameters were calculated by using distributed activation energy model (DAEM) method. The applicability of this method in global kinetics research of coal pyrolysis was analyzed. The main conclusions are as follows: due to the effect of heating rate on pyrolysis process as well as the change of reaction mechanism, the applicability of DAEM method to the weight loss data of secondary degassing stage of coal pyrolysis is weak; inclusion or exclusion of the weight loss in the dehydration and degassing stage or the secondary degassing stage, has different effects on the activation energy values corresponding to various degrees of conversion, but little effect on the activation energy distribution function; the relationship between frequency factor and activation energy presents obvious kinetic compensation effect in the almost entire pyrolysis process, and the expression form of this effect only depends on coal type and is not associated with the selected range of temperature for calculation.",3
"The pyrolytic reaction of YFC, straw and their mixture, and the effect of temperature and mixing ratio on the oil yield and quality were investigated on a self-built kilogram class fluidized bed. The results show that the corresponding highest oil yield is 19.18% with reaction pressure 0.1 MPa, conveying gas 15 L/mim, flow gas 25 L/min, the feeding speed 1.5 kg/h, mixing ratio 0.7∶0.3 (mass ratio), temperature 600 ℃, reaction atmosphere N2, and synergistic effect has a maximum value 35.87%. Then the corresponding sulfur content (mass fraction) reduces to 0.31% from 0.60%, and phenolic compounds are mainly concentrated in phenol (16.82%), p-cresol (21.92%), catechol (16.56%) and other 11 kinds of phenolic compounds for extraction using.",2
"Inner Mongolia lignite was treated at different temperatures in an autoclave. The effect of hydrothermal treatment on free radical in lignite tar was investigated by EPR (electron paramagnetic resonance) spectrometer. The results show that the content of free radical in tar decreases obviously after hydrothermal treatment and reach minimum at 260 ℃ (decrease 66.67%). With the increase of hydrothermal treatment temperature, the g factor value of EPR spectra of tar is decreased and the linewidth of that is increased. However, the linewidth of EPR spectra of treated lignite tar at 300 ℃ is lower than that of raw coal tar. Combined with gas chromatography and mass spectrometry (GC-MS) for the determination of tar components, it shows that the relative content (mass fraction) of phenols decreases while monocyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in tar increase from 15.10% to 18.24%, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in tar increase from 12.79% to 13.95%. Moreover, the free radical in tar was analyzed by EPR continuously within a certain time (40 d). The results show that the content of free radical in tar after hydrothermal treatment increases more slowly and reaches stably earlier than that in the raw tar in the preservation process.",0
"The pilot plant test of hydrogenation of Shenmu middle and low temperature coal tar was performed in 3×500 mL fixed bed reactors under hydrogen pressure of 10 MPa, and the effects of reaction conditions on the yields and properties of products were investigated. The optimized product distribution is obtained at the total liquid hourly space velocity (LHSV) of 0.2/h, H2 and oil volume ratio of 1 500∶1 and the average reaction temperature of pre-hydrogenation, hydrofining and hydrocracking catalyst is 280 ℃, 380 ℃ and 400 ℃. Compared to the pilot-plant tests, the same reaction conditions are used to obtain the maximum technical economic profit. The degree of influence on raw material and product prices for technical economy follow in the order of product price>coal tar price>hydrogen price. Base on the current prices, the process of whole fraction coal tar hydrogenation at medium pressure would be profitable, when the prices of the raw materials and products are further increased by 35%.",4
"W/O type Fe2+ and S2- precursor emulsion were prepared with wash oil/Span80-Tween80/water, double-emulsion was mixed to prepare iron based pseudohomogeneous catalysts by vulcanization, and the emulsion stability factor, the mechanism of catalyst prepared by emulsion method, catalyst stability and the performance of Xigou coal liquefaction were investigated. The results show that the stable emulsion preparation conditions is m(oil)∶m(water)=9∶1 in Fe2+ and S2- emulsion system with the suitable dosage (mass fraction) of emulsifiers, which are 15.61% and 18.36% respectively, HLB values are 7.3 and 6.7 respectively; stirring rate is 6 000 r/min; emulsion mixing time is 15 min, and emulsion temperature is 20 ℃-30 ℃. In the pseudohomogeneous catalysts emulsion system, the sedimentation rate of catalysts granule is 5.24×10-7 cm/h, calculated by Stokes equation. TEM results exhibit that the average particle size is about 100 nm and the morphology of catalyst particles is similar to spherical particles. When Xigou coal is applied as objects to direct coal liquefaction experiments, in the pseudohomogeneous catalytic system, the oil yield is 4.04% higher than that by commercial Fe2O3 catalyst.",3
"The catalytic hydrogenation experiments of the heavy coal derived fraction (＞320 ℃) were carried out under different conditions. The influence of temperatures, pressures and liquid space velocities were investigated in 30 mL hydrogenation reaction device and the properties of hydrogenated products were examined. It is found that the rate of desulfurization and denitrification of the heavy fraction is positively related to temperature and pressure in the hydrogenation, and negatively related to the liquid space velocity. The results also show that the content of monocylic aromatics and binuclear aromatics in hydrogenation products increase and the content of polycyclic aromatics decrease with the elevated temperature and pressure and with decented liquid space velocity. The hydrogen donation ability of hydrogenation products increase with the proton donor quality index increasing. The hydrogenation products characteristics show that temperature 380 ℃, pressure 19 MPa, liquid space velocity 0.8/h are optimized hydrogenation conditions in which products show the best hydrogen donation ability for coal liquefacion.",4
"In this study, two types of activated carbon have been used to investigate their capacity to adsorb and desorb p-xylene. The experimental results showed that the saturated adsorption capacity of activated carbon for aromatic hydrocarbon molecules increased as the specific surface area increased with a specific pore volume of 1 nm-2 nm, but it decreased as the adsorption temperature increased. A relatively high adsorption value was obtained at 30 ℃. In addition, the adsorption of p-xylene is 1.1 times as much as the adsorption of naphthalene on two types of activated carbons. This study indicates that it is a feasible manner to appraise the naphthalene adsorption of the developed activated carbon by analysis of its adsorption of p-xylene.",2
"The influence of Al2O3 on Shendong coal ash fusion temperature was investigated by adding various amounts of Al2O3. The impact mechanism of Al2O3 on Shendong coal ash fusion characteristics was explored using quench experiments, XRD, TG-DSC and thermodynamic software FactSage. The results show that with the increase of addition amount of Al2O3, the ash fusion temperature (AFT) rises gentle first and then zooms up. Through XRD and thermal analysis software FactSage, it is found that Al2O3 reacts with SiO2 derived from the original coal ash composition (in the form of quartz ) to form mullite (3Al2O3O2SiO2) in ash fusion process, which resulting in the sharp rise of coal ash fusion temperature with a higher added amount of Al2O3.",4
"Point at NO and reduction gases generated from lignite combustion, the TG-FTIR was used to study the change of the combustion characteristic, NO generation and the reducing gas with the addition of tailings. The results show that the addition of tailings has no effect on the temperatures of water generation and the volatile combustion, but the initial combustion temperature of coke is reduced, so the phase of coke combustion has been promoted. The reduction gases generated from lignite combustion are CH4, NH3, CO and —CH2. The reaction between NO and reduction gases has been catalysed with tailings. At the low temperature, the main reaction is between NH3 and NO. The catalyst of tailings has selectivity, the catalyst effect on the reaction between CO and NO is not obvious compared with other reducing gases.",3
"The pyrolysis of lignite residue after humic acid extraction in Zhaotong region of Yunnan Province was carried out, and the pyrolysis characteristics were analyzed through the pyrolytic gas yield, tar yield and semi-char yield. The effects of temperature, heating rate and pyrolysis atmosphere on residue pyrolysis were explored, the major components and content of pyrolysis gas were obtained by gas chromatography, and the composition of tar was revealed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. The results show that the temperature is the most important factor to affect residue pyrolysis, the higher of temperature, the greater yield of pyrolysis gas and tar, the more H2 and CO contained in pyrolysis gas, the more aliphatic compounds included in tar, and the number of aromatic ring in aromatic compounds will be increased accordingly; the lower of heating rate, the greater yield of gas and tar; pyrolysis atmosphere has prominent influence on product distribution, the content of major components of pyrolysis gas and tar is affected by different pyrolysis atmospheres.",0
"An experiment of hydrogen production through anaerobic fermentation was carried out under the condition of pH 6.5 lasting for 10 days, with temperature controlled at 30 ℃ in a 5 L anaerobic fermentation tank. The pH value, VFA molar concentration and COD value of the liquid phase during the experiment process were real-time monitored; meanwhile, cellulase activity and hydrogenase activity were monitored. The results show that the maximum volume fraction of hydrogen can reach 52.3% and the final production of hydrogen is 13.7 mL/g; pH value keeps dropping until it reaches the minimum value 5.46; VFA molar concentration basically tends to increase corresponding to the change of pH value, it belongs to butyric acid-type fermentation; COD value increases first then decreases, with maximum value 4 368 mg/L and the final COD degradation rate is 51.10%; the highest value 0.016 9 mg/(mL·h) appears in the fourth day for the active reaction of cellulase while the highest value 0.568 mmolH2/(min·mg) for the hydrogenase activity appears in the sixth day.",4
"A rapid self-heating of lignite during low temperature oxidation and spontaneous combustion was monitored by programmable changing oven temperature. Changes of chemical structure of the coal during self-heating was investigated by FTIR analysis. Temperature of the coal in air increased monotonically, successively exceeding the separation point temperature (tsp), the crossing point temperature (tcp) and combustion temperatures (tc1, tc2). The decrease of methyl and methylene and increase of n(—CH3)∶n(—CH2—) during self-heating of lignite indicate that the more methylene is attacked by oxygen during oxidation. Ar—O—CO—R and R—O—CO—R increase progressively, and decrease after tc1 in response to hydrolysis of the esters. The increasing Ar—CO—Ar during self-heating decomposes to generate gaseous oxidation products above tcp. Aromatic CC insignificantly changes up to tc1, and decreases thereafter. After coal temperature reaches to tsp, Ar—COOH increases gradually, and then decreases above tc1 because of the decarboxylation, dehydration and esterification. Ar—COO— increases gradually during self-heating, but decreases above tc1 because very high oxidation temperature enhances the decomposition of the group.",3
"The respective percentage of five subintervals of vitrinite random reflectance was defined as R1, R2, R3, R4 and R5 indicators. 35 groups of 5 kg test coke oven stamping coking experiments were carried out, with the five indicators as experimental variables and on the condition of meeting the blended coal quality requirements in tamping coking process. The results show that there is strong linear correlation between the five indicators and content of the dry ash-free volatile matter w(Vdaf), the mean maximum reflectance of vitrinite (Rmax), the caking index (G) and the maximum thickness of plastic layer (Y). The correlation coefficient is 0.933, 0.976, 0.858 and 0.564, respectively. And there is high prediction accuracy by using R1, R2, R3, R4 and R5 to predict the coke reactivity index. Moreover, the coke reactivity index improves obviously for the increasing of the content of R1, and reduces for the increasing of the content of R3 and R4. Meanwhile, the degree of impact of R1, R2, R3, R4, R5 on the coke reactivity index is R1>R3=R4>R5>R2. Therefore, the thermal strength of coke can be effectively improved by adjusting the respective content of R1, R2, R3, R4 and R5 to 25%-35%, 20%-30%, 10%-20%, 15%-25% and 5%-15%.",3
"Zhundong coal is a typical high-sodium coal, which makes slag on cold water wall, high temperature corrosion in heated wall,pollution and dust contamination in flue pipe prone to take place when coal is burning in power plant. The characteristic of Zhundong coal was analyzed, cation exchange resin method was used to wash coal. The exchange function of resin made the displacement reaction occur between the cation in exchange group and sodion in Zhundong coal, so that the sodium in coal could be removed. The effect of temperature and time on the desulphurization efficiency of Zhundong coal was studied. The results show that the removal effect in condition of 4 h, 60 ℃ is optimum, sodium removal rate reaches to 90% and the soften temperature (ts) increase by 124 ℃, and the coal characteristics are improved.",3
"The inorganic sulfur and organic sulfur in coke were investigated and a method for determination of sulfur forms was established using X-ray diffraction, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy analysis methods.With this method, effects of Ca-based additives on the distribution rule of sulfur forms in coke was researched during high sulfur coal pyrolysis. The results indicate that the distribution rule of sulfur forms in coke is changed by Ca-based additives. The proportion of inorganic sulfur content is improved through sulfur retention ability (inorganic sulfur mainly exists in form of CaS) and the proportion of organic sulfur content reduces by promoting the decomposition of organic sulfur in coke.",4
"In order to improve the yield and quality of coal tar, the effects of atmosphere and Ni/Al2O3 catalyst on coal pyrolysis characters were investigated in a fluidized bed in H2, CH4, N2 and mixed atmosphere. The results show that H2 can reduce semicoke yield and increase tar yield; CH4 can increase semicoke yield at 800 ℃. Due to the decomposition of methane, compared with N2 atmosphere, CH4 can increase tar yield by 35.8%. In CH4+H2 atmosphere, semicoke and tar yield have the same trend with H2 atmosphere. Reducing atmosphere is beneficial to improving the quality of the tar. In H2, CH4+N2, CH4+H2 atmosphere, light tar ratio increases by 29.1%, 15.2%, 24%, respectively. The Ni/Al2O3 catalyst placed before the reaction segment can improve semicoke and tar yield to different degrees. At 600 ℃, compared with coal pyrolysis in CH4+N2 atmosphere without catalyst, adding Ni/Al2O3 into CH4+N2 atmosphere increases tar yield by 40%. In CH4+H2 atmosphere, the Ni/Al2O3 has better catalytic effect on CH4 at 800 ℃, and CH4 in the pyrolysis gas decreased significantly, meantime tar yield increases by 37% compared that of without catalyst. Ni/Al2O3 can further improve the quality of the tar and is beneficial to the formation of aromatic compounds.",4
"Low-temperature co-pyrolysis of lignite and sugarcane bagasse(SB) was undertaken in a homemade carbonization apparatus to study the effect of different SB ratio on pyrolysis characteristics in lignite. The results show that with the increase of SB blending ratio, the pyrolysis tar yield shows a trend of decrease after the first increase, and the peak value is 16.7% when the blending ratio of SB is 20% (mass fraction, the same below), which is 13.7% higher than that of lignite pyrolysis alone, and shows the maximum positive deviation of 0.57% to the calculated value of tar yield. The date analysis of lignite, SB and the blend was studied by caloricity analyzer. Results show that co-pyrolysis is conducive to the centralization of energy in lignite and bagasse, and the heat value of co-pyrolysis semicoke is higher than that of lignite pyrplysis alone. FTIR indicates that the addition of SB can promote the decomposition and fracture of —OH and —CH3 functional groups in lignite, and carboxyl functional groups in SB can be transferred to the tar in the form of other oxygen-containing functional groups, which is conducive to the conversion of heavy components in tar to the light ones. Thermogravimetric analysis shows that the pyrolysis process is divided into three stages and the presence of SB has a significant effect on the stage of rapid pyrolysis, the maximum weight loss rate of lignite increases by 8.96% and the pyrolysis temperature corresponding to the maximum loss rate decreases by 98.8 ℃. The addition of SB facilitates the pyrolysis reaction to a certain extent.",1
"NOx emission characteristics of different kinds of coal (lignite, bituminous coal, lean coal and anthracite) / biomass (rice husks) blends combustion were studied using drop tube furnace. The effects of atmosphere, blending ratio of biomass, oxygen volume fraction on NOx emission characteristics were investigated in details. Experimental results show that: NOx emissions present a trend of firstly increasing and then decreasing for different coal/biomass blends along the furnace height. NOx emission of bituminite/rice husk co-combustion is the highest in the atmosphere of 20%O2/80%N2. NOx emission in O2/CO2 atmosphere is lower than that in O2/N2 atmosphere in the condition of 20% oxygen volume fraction; with increasing of the blending ratio of biomass, NOx emission gradually decreases, and that decreases most significantly for the lignite and biomass co-combustion, which decreases from 130.029 mg/m3 to 49.674 mg/m3 in the atmosphere of 20%O2/70%CO2; with the oxygen volume fraction increases, NOx emission increases. When the oxygen volume fraction increases from 20% to 30% in O2/CO2 atmosphere, the increase of NOx emisson of bituminous coal reduces, however the increase of NOx emission of rice husk/bituminite co-firing improves.",4
"Coal-oil co-hydroprocessing pretreatment experiment proceeded by using lab’s self-made iron-based catalyst to figure out the coal liquefaction rate. Analysis of liquid products, especially on its proceeding elemental and distillation range distribution was made. Industrial four component analysis of solid products was also made and the effect of ultrasonic pretreatment on coal-oil co-hydroprocessing was obtained. The results show that the structure of co-processing raw materials has changed through ultrasonic pretreatment. Liquefaction rate of Anhui coal has improved by 9.85% and 12.42% after processing oil slurry by ultrasonic and compounding oil-coal slurry with oil slurry respectively. Similarly, to the coal tar after ultrasonic treatment and oil-coal slurry compounded by oil-coal slurry, by using same sample,liquefaction rate has improved by 7.99% and 18.65% respectively. Obviously, ash content and volatile matter in solid product have decreased, and fixed carbon has improved after processing, while the distillation range distribution of liquid products has been basically stable. The coal liquefaction rate has improved and the quality of co-processing products remains unchanged.",1
"Activated carbons were prepared with coal liquefaction asphaltene as carbon source. After the optimization of the synthesis process, activated carbons with specific surface area more than 3 000 m2/g was successfully obtained. The physical and chemical characteristics of activated carbons from coal liquefaction asphaltene (ACCLA) were also investigated with X-ray diffraction (XRD), scanning electron microscope (SEM) and nitrogen adsorption-desorption methods. The adsorption of H2, CH4 and CO2 on these activated carbons were also tested, the relationship between the texture properties and adsorption capacity was discussed. The as-prepared samples show excellent performance and good application prospects in gas adsorption. It is found that the maximum adsorption of H2, CH4 and CO2 is 24.85 mmol/g (77 K, 400 kPa), 4.62 mmol/g (298 K, 400 kPa) and 3.57 mmol/g (298 K, 100 kPa), respectively. The relationship between the texture properties and adsorption was also discussed. Under test conditions, it is found that the adsorption of H2 is greatly influenced by the specific surface area of the material, and the pore size has a more significant effect on the adsorption of CH4 and CO2.",2
"Based on exergy analysis method, for an actual process of coal to SNG with an annual scale of 1.4×109 m3, the distribution of exergy loss in each unit and in the whole process were investigated. The results show that general exergy efficiency of gasification unit is the lowest, 84.75%, and that of rectisol unit is the highest, 98.90%. The prime exergy loss occurrs in gasification unit, reaching to 77.78% of total exergy loss. The exergy losses in shift unit, rectisol unit and methanation unit are 5.49%, 4.04% and 12.68% of total exergy loss, respectively. In gasification unit, increasing byproduct steam pressure could not impact exergy efficiency effectively, it is more important to optimize the operating condition of gasifier and scrubber cooler. In methanation unit, higher byproduct steam pressure could improve exergy efficiency obviously and increase steam yield.",4
"The denitrification performance experiments, oxidation experiments and desorption experiments have been carried out over MnOx/Al2O3 and MnOx-CeO2/γ-Al2O3 prepared by sol-gel process in a fixed bed reactor. The results show that MnOx/γ-Al2O3 catalysts reach highest NO removal efficiency at 300 ℃, after adding CeO2 into the catalyst, the optimum temperature reduces to 250 ℃. The addition of CeO2 improves the activation ability of the catalysts at low temperature, but can cause excessive oxidation of NH3 which generates by-products like N2O when the temperature is higher than 300 ℃. The increase of the MnOx content can raise adsorption quantities of NH3 over the catalysts, and can also promate NO adsorbtion on different active sites, therefore the catalysts have high NO removal efficiency in wider temperature range.",3
"The degradation matching experiments of Shanxi Linfen lignite with six kinds of bacteria had been investigated, showing that Pseudomonas putida is the most effective degrading bacterium. Based on single factor experiments, the degrading process conditions of Pseudomonas putida and Linfen lignite were optimized by orthogonal experiments. The results show that the effect-weight order of the factors for degrading rate is coal particle size > coal slurry mass concentration > incubation time > inoculum size, the best degrading technological conditions are coal particle size <75 μm, coal slurry mass concentration of 0.200 0 g/10 mL, incubation time of 14 d, inoculum size of 1.0 mL/10 mL. Under this technological conditions, the conversion rate reaches 46.81%. The coal residue and degrading product were tested, the infrared analysis shows that the absorption of coal residue at the wavenumber of oxidized coal has been disappeared or weakened, which further indicates that organic macromolecular in coal has been degraded by Pseudomonas putida into micromolecule containing in the black oily filtrate derived from the degradation. The total ion chromatogram of fractional extraction product of degradation filtrate demonstrates that it contains abundant small molecule organics, which mostly include aliphatic hydrocarbons, esters, carboxylic acids and aromatic compounds.",0
"Adsorption quantity of CH4 and N2 on T-CMS and 13X zeolite at 298.15 K, 313.15 K and 328.15 K were measured respectively, Langmuir model was used to fit the experimental data, and the change of fitting parameters, saturated adsorption capacity qm and adsorption equilibrium constant b, were analyzed. The results show that the qm of CH4 on T-CMS slightly decreases as the temperatures rise, but the variation is small; the qm of N2 on T-CMS increases; and the qm of CH4 and N2 on 13X zeolite decreases. However, the adsorption equilibrium constant b increases with the rising of temperature. Separation coefficients of CH4 and N2 on T-CMS are larger than that on 13X zeolite, and both decrease with the increase of temperature. The analysis of adsorption thermodynamics shows that the average adsorption isosteric heat of CH4 and N2 on T-CMS are 27.30 kJ/mol and 22.43 kJ/mol respectively, but that on 13X zeolite are 12.96 kJ/mol and 10.41 kJ/mol respectively. The studied adsorbents have stronger adsorption effect on CH4 than that on N2, which both belong to physical adsorption.",4
"The coal samples with different deformed degrees, collected from Huoerxinhe coalmine in Qinshui coal basin were treated by the different acids, including hydrochloric acid (HCl), acetic acid (HAc) and hydrofluoric acid (HF). Mass change rate and coal-water contact angel were measured, and the surface tension was calculated by low temperature ashing and X-ray diffraction methods. The results show that the mass change rate of the coal is about 0.1% by HCl or HAc treatment, while the mass change rate of the coal is 7% by HF treatment; the reaction objects are different for each acid, most of the minerals in the coal can react with HF, which is the most effective treatment method; after HCl treatment, the coal-water contact angel shows a obviously decreasing trend from 59.75°to 33.25°, but the surface tension increases from 54.42 mJ/m2 to 66.45 mJ/m2 to cause a stronger wettability. After HAc and HF treatment, the coal-water contact angel shows a correspondingly increasing phenomenon from 59.75° to 85.00° and 84.50°, the surface tension decreases from 54.42 mJ/m2 to 39.34 mJ/m2 and 39.65 mJ/m2 respectively. In general, the water-coal contact angel and surface tension of coal change significantly after the acid treatment.",0
"The wettability of lignite and demineralized lignite and conventional mineral matter were evaluated by calorimetric measurement. The effects of moisture re-adsorption on the wetting heat of lignite were investigated and the moisture re-adsorption behavior of dried lignite was analyzed by dynamics models. The results show that wetting heat of organic components in lignite is much higher than that of mineral matter in lignite, indicating its dominated role for heat released of wetting process. The lignite with more content of oxygen-containing groups has a higher value of wetting heat. After the treatment by acid solution, the wetting heat of lignite decreases. For the Manglai lignite, the wetting heat decreases from 101.61 J/g to 66.79 J/g after demineralition. Among the mineral matter in lignite, wetting heat of kaolinite is higher than that of calcite and quartz. The moisture re-adsorption behavior was fitted properly by second-order dynamical model, and the correlation coefficient is greater than 0.99. With the increasing content of moisture readsorbed, wetting heat of lignite decreases. When the moisture re-adsorption reaches to 28.76%, wetting heat of the Manglai lignite decreases from 101.61 J/g to 5.04 J/g. The monolayer or cluster of water molecules adsorbed on surface of lignite is devoted to wetting heat decreasing, while the influence of water adsorbed in pores or capillary condensation is not obviously.",4
"The pyrolysis process of Shenfu pulverized coal at different heating rate, with different diameter and at different flow rate of carry gas was studied by TG-DTG thermogravimetric analysis. The optimal condition of maximum weight loss rate was determined through orthogonal experiments. The thermogravimetric experiment results show that heating rate, diameter and flow rate of carry gas have effect on the pyrolysis weightlessness. It is found that the pyrolysis weightlessness decreases with the increase of heating rate and flow rate of carrier gas. The effect of diameter on pyrolysis weightlessness is a parabola distribution, so there is an optimal diameter when the pyrolysis weightlessness is a maximum. During pyrolysis the optimal diameter of Shenfu coal (d<0.84 mm) is 0.25 mm-0.42 mm. The results of orthogonal experiment show that during coal pyrolysis, the main factor is heating rate, next is diameter and then flow rate of carry gas. The fastest pyrolysis weight loss rate is 4.95%/min when diameter is 0.25 mm-0.42 mm, heating rate is 30 ℃/min, flow rate of carry gas is 120 mL/min.",0
"NiW/ZSM-5 and PNiW/ZSM-5 supported catalysts were prepared on self-made ZSM-5 carrier. Catalysts were characterized by XRD, ICP, BET, NH3-TPD and SEM techniques. The results indicate that most of the active components of Ni, W and P have been successfully introduced into the carrier and disperse evenly, and the amount of strong acid sites decreases after modification. The catalytic properties of different catalysts on Shendong coal were evaluated by thermogravimetry-infrared (TG-FTIR). Compared with raw coal pyrolysis, NiW/ZSM-5 and PNiW/ZSM-5 catalytic pyrolysis can descrease the maximum weight loss peak temperature of Shendong coal by 8 ℃, increase the weight loss rate by 1.2% and 2.0%. The FTIR analysis results show that although ZSM-5 have no significant increase in the amount of gas-phase products, the contents of CH4, CO, NH3, light aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons increase significantly with NiW/ZSM-5 and PNiW/ZSM-5 catalysts, and PNiW/ZSM-5 catalyst has better advantages compared to NiW/ZSM-5.",3
"Interleaved catalyst injection unit suitably for underground pyrolysis and gasification was designed. Four sorts of typical catalysts were used in the horizontal pyrolysis reactor for the simulation test of underground catalytic pyrolysis on the long flame coal of Naomaohu in Xinjiang. The results show that these four sorts of catalysts can efficiently improve the composition of H2 and CO, and the yield of gaseous products. The descending order of their catalytic activity is 8% Na2CO3 solution (8% is mass fraction, the same below), 10%Ca(OH)2 solution, 10%CaO powder, 6%FNC (compound catalyst (Fe2O3-Na2CO3-Ca(OH)2)). For Na2CO3 and Ca(OH)2 of high activity, these two catalytics increase the composition of H2 by 19% (volume fraction) in the pyrolysis gas and CO by 1.2 times respectively, and increase the composition of CH4 in the low temperature pyrolysis, but without sustainable effect during the pyrolysis over 600 ℃. The yield of semicoke and tar decreases by 30% and 20%-70% respectively, and gas yield can increase by 1.4-1.6 times compared to the yield before the catalytic pyrolysis. On the analysis of the aspects of catalytic activity and cost, Ca(OH)2 can be selected as the major catalyst for underground catalytic pyrolysis, and Na2CO3 of highest activity can be considered as promoter.",1
"SAPO-34 molecular sieve with different sizes of Si islands Sin (n=5, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14) was constructed and investigated using dispersion-corrected density functional theory method in order to study the formation of Si islands, and the effects on the stability and acidity of SAPO-34 molecular sieve were studied. It indicates that the Si islands including Si5 and Si9 are easy to form in SAPO-34 molecular sieve. In addition, the larger the Si island is, the more stable the structure is and the more acidity the Bronsted sites are. The rule is proposed to judge the acidic strength in SAPO-34 molecular sieve with different sizes of Si islands.",4
"The properties of diesel of direct coal liquefaction (DDCL) and diesel of indirect coal liquefaction (DICL) were analyzed, the miscibility of the two types of diesel, the properties of blending diesel and the effect of lubricity additives on the two types of diesel were studied by the blending experiment, and the mobility, economy and emission performance of the blending diesel were investigated by engine bench test. The results show that DDCL is well dissolvable with DICL, and the density and the cetane number of the blending diesel are both linearly related to the mass fraction of DICL. It indicates that the two types of diesel have complement advantages with each other very well. The blending diesel has good sensibility to the lubricant. It is found that the blending diesel of coal liquefaction has good dynamic performance, less fuel consumption per unit mass and less pollutant emissions on China Ⅳ engine. The regulated emissions of the blending diesel fuel meet China Ⅳ emission standard. It has great advantage in the emissions of NOx, smoke intensity and particulate matter.",4
"The properties of coal water slurry (CWS) prepared by low-rank coal and oil-field sewage were investigated. The results show that the maximal CWS mass fraction for each coal follows: Wusuhongshan coal (66.5%)>Wususikeshu coal (61.0%)>Xukuang 4 coal (53.4%). Compared with the CWS prepared by oil-free sewage, the CWS prepared by oil-bearing sewage for each coal have lower viscosity, which decrease by 30.3% and 66.8% for Wusuhong-shan coal and Wususikeshu coal respectively, and have larger mass fraction, which increase by 1.1% for Xukuang 4 coal. It indicates that the use of oil-bearing can promote the mass fraction and calorific value of CWS, as well as simplifying the treatment of oil-field sewage. Among three kinds of CWS, the Wusuhongshan CWS has the largest stability due to its high ash content. The stability of CWS is largely affected by coal type and additive, while the type of water or sewage shows little effect.",4
"Based on the isometric impregnation and the theory of sulfur-fixation, the sulfur retention of activated alumina as briquette additive and loading with different metal oxides on the surface was studied. The changes of pore structure before and after modification were analyzed by using SEM, and the changes of phase transformation of raw coal ash and briquette ash were analyzed by using XRD, while activated alumina loading with CaO was used as the briquette sulfur fixing agent. The results show that the effect on reduction of SO2 emission by activated alumina loading with different metal oxide is activated alumina loading with CaO>activated alumina loading with CuO>activated alumina loading with BaO>activated alumina. The SEM analysis shows that loading different metal oxides on the surface of activated alumina has improved its heat stability. It is found by using XRD that CaO loading on activated alumina can react with SO2 and generate 3CaO·3Al2O3·CaSO4 with thermostability, which hinders the decomposition of CaSO4, thus can improve the sulfur retention effect. Compared with the sulfur retention effect of CaO, the sulfur retention effect of modified activated alumina is better in the experiment.",2
"A new CMC technology of cascade sieving and fluidized bed with immersed heating tubes (EN-CMC technology) was proposed. The energy and mass flow of the original fluidized bed CMC technology was completely changed by means of hot water as heat carrier which had high specific heat and density, and the previous heat and moisture carrying function of exhaust gas was divided. The energy efficiency among three kinds of CMC technologies was compared, including EN-CMC technology, 186 t/h Nippon steel fluidized bed CMC technology in MA steel and 330 t/h steam drum-type CMC technology in BAO steel. The results indicate that after the process of EN-CMC, coke oven heating quantity can decrease by 2.78×105 kJ/t (dry coal (DC)), with amounts to 9.50 kgce/t(DC). The energy-saving effect reaches 6.92 kgce/t(DC), which is 53.4% higher than Nippon steel CMC technology.",3
"Semi-dry dechlorination technology is put forward to attach most chlorine in coal-fired flue gas to fly ash by spraying in alkaline solution to realize the zero emission of desulfurization waste water. Simultaneously, drastically reduced FGD (flue gas desulfurization) waste water was used as the solvent of alkali, which could help to realize the target of zero emission of desulfurization waste water. Effects of n(Na+)/n(Cl-) on reaction efficiencies of base material with HCl and SO2 were analyzed. It shows that the reaction efficiency of HCl is positively correlated with n(Na+)/n(Cl-). As n(Na+)/n(Cl-) continues increasing, there is a slower growth of HCl reaction efficiency. When n(Na+)/n(Cl-) is 4.8, reaction efficiency of HCl increases beyond 70%. For a 660 MW unit, after semi-dry dechlorination, the amount of FGD waste water decreases significantly from 8.01 m3/h to 2.31 m3/h, and the decrease of flue gas temperature is only 2.49 ℃ when waste water is sprayed back as the solvent of alkali. The system of semi-dry dechlorination is simple and the cost is relatively low. There is no significantly negative effect on the comprehensive utilization of fly ash after semi-dry dechlorination.",3
"Brucite(Mg(OH)2) as raw material, the carbon capture by absorbing carbon dioxide (15%, volume fraction) of simulated flue gas was carried out under the condition that the solid-liquid mass ratio was 1∶6, the reaction temperature was 40 ℃ and the reaction pressure was 1.01×105 Pa. The cost of capture was reduced by deputy producting high value-added products such as basic magnesium carbonate (4MgCO3·Mg(OH)2·4H2O). The changes of pH value and substance composition during the reaction were determined, the influence of gas velocity on reaction time was discussed, and the final product was analyzed by titration and thermogravimetric analysis. The experimental results show that the pH value of the termination reaction is 7.73-7.74, the suitable gas velocity is 60 mL/min, and the recovery rate of CO2 is 40.87%. The final product basic magnesium carbonate magnesium content reaches 43.16% (mass fraction of MgO), and its weight loss reaches 56.35%. Above results are complied with the industry standard of magnesium carbonate products.",0
"An easy-to-use graphical user interface (GUI) program, VirtualFringe, was developed using MATLAB programming language. The aromatic fringes were extracted by the steps of thresholding and gray adjustment, Gaussian blur, Fourier transform filtering, binary image conversion, skeletonization and branches trim. And the parameters of positions, angles of declination and lengths were defined by fitting the enclosing rectangles of fringes. The reliability of this application has been confirmed by manual image analysis and structural parameters derived from solid state 13C NMR technique. The size and distribution of aromatic sheets obtained by VirtualFringe, can be used in the construction of large scale molecular coal model that meaningful molecular weight distribution and diversity of coal molecule have been incorporated.",4
"The complex of hexamethylentetramine (HMT) and ammonium molybdate (AHM) was simply decomposed and bulk β-Mo2C was successfully prepared. In the meantime the complex was mechanically mixed with HLH de-ashed lignite, then the activated semi-coke (ASC) supporting γ-MoNxCy was generated in situ in the process of coal pyrolysis. The synthesized carbides were characterized by XRD, SEM, HRTEM, and elemental analyzer, and their catalytic performances on methanation were evaluated. The results show that the bulk β-Mo2C catalyst exhibits high conversion of CO(XCO), but the selectivity of CH4 (SCH4) is low and the catalytic activity is not stable; as for the activated semi-coke supporting γ-MoNxCy, because of the improved dispersion of Mo and the improved catalytic activity on account of more lattice defects caused by lattice distortion of γ-MoNxCy, the XCO on unit mass of Mo greatly increases from 2.22 mol/(h·g) on bulk β-Mo2C to 17.47 mol/(h·g) on activated semi-coke supporting γ-MoNxCy. In addition, the SCH4 increases from 33.52% on bulk β-Mo2C to 49.54% on activated semi-coke supporting γ-MoNxCy. The above results reveal that methanation can be coupled with catalytic hydropyrolysis of coal under syngas atmosphere on activated semi-coke supporting γ-MoNxCy.",2
"In order to improve the quality of pneumatic classification of coal in the coupling device for fluidized bed and conveying bed, orthogonal test method was used to select three parameters, such as the apparent gas velocity of conveying bed, the feed inlet position and the feed rate, and each factor was taken at three levels, taking into account the interaction between the factors, and the L18(37) orthogonal array was chosen to be the 18 groups. Based on the computational particle fluid dynamics (CPFD) software,the pneumatic classification of coal was simulated, the pneumatic classification of coal in the coupling device for fluidized bed and conveying bed was studied using experimental measurements, and the optimum separation effect of coal particles was taken as the index. By comprehensive analysis of range method, the apparent gas velocity of conveying bed is the main factor affecting the pneumatic classification of coal and the best combination scheme for the pneumatic classification, which is the apparent gas velocity of conveying bed is 8.30 m/s, the feed inlet position is the lower part of the conveying bed, the feed rate is 22.5 kg/(m2·s).",4
"Coal tar can be hydrogenated to produce diesel with density 0.83 g/cm3-0.86 g/cm3, cetane number 42-52 and sulfur lower than 2 μg/g in 100 mL pilot plant, while liquid hydrocarbons can be produced by waste gas F-T synthesis with a feedstock gas conversion rate above 93%, selectivity of C5+ hydrocarbons above 86% in a 3 000 t/a fixed-bed F-T synthesis industrial plant, and further synthesis oil can be hydro-upgraded to gain diesel oil with density lower than 0.77 g/cm3, cetane number 76-81. Beyond that, waste gas can be used to produce high quality liquid wax, jet fuel and solvent oil. Choosing suitable process, coal tar and waste gas generated during the classification utilization of coal can produce clean and high value oils with sulfur content met the requirement of China V clean oil standards.",1
"Slurry hydrogenation catalyst with TiO2-AlOOH as the composite carrier and Ni and W as active components were prepared by a complete liquid phase method .The effect of n(H2O)∶n(Al) on the structure and catalytic properties of Ni-W catalysts were investigated and the catalysts were characterized by XRD, BET, NH3-TPD and so on. The fraction distribution and composition of raw materials and products were analyzed by GC-MS, TG and ultimate analylzer, the results show that the content of light component, the hydrodesulfurization (HDS) activity and the n(H)∶n(C) in the products are the highest when n(H2O)∶n(Al) is 75 in the catalysts. It indicates that Ni-W catalyst with n(H2O)∶n(Al) 75 has better hydrogenation effect on coal tar hydrotreating than that of the other value of n(H2O)∶n(Al).",3
"Pyrrolidone acid ionic liquids ([Hnmp]HSO4) was immobilized on HMCM-22 molecular sieves by chemical method and used as the catalyst for the synthesis of polyoxymethylene dimethyl ethers (DMMn). The catalyst was characterized by XRD, FTIR and SEM. The results show that the pyrrolidone acid ionic liquids ([Hnmp]HSO4) can be stability immobilized on HMCM-22. The optimum reaction condition is that the catalyst amount of 2.0%(mass fraction), feed mass ratio m(DMM)/m(PF) of 2.0, reaction temperature 120 ℃ and reaction time 6 h, m(Ionic liquid)/m(HMCM-22) of 2.0. The conversion of PF and selectivity of DMM3-8 reach 55.41% and 30.87%, respectively. Compared with the reaction effects of pure ionic liquids or molecular sieve, the yield of DMM3-8 is improved quite a lot. The catalyst can be separated from product phase naturally and exhibits high stability upon reusage. It still remains high activity even after being reused for four times.",2
"Mesocarbon microbeads were prepared by thermal polymerization using coal liquefaction pitch as raw materials and carbon black, petroleum coke, graphite and needle coke as nucleating agents at 410 ℃ for 2 h. The properties of mesocarbon microbeads as negative electrode material for lithium ion battery were studied. Results show that with carbon black and graphite as nucleating agent, the mesocarbon microbeads with uniform particle size distribution and good surface morphology can be prepared. The results of electrical performance tests show that the initial reversible capacity and the initial efficiency of mesocarbon microbeads are 353.9 mAh/g, 92.9% and 346.5 mAh/g, 92.6% respectively. Compared with the similar products in the domestic market, the mesocarbon microbeads prepared by carbon black and graphite as the nucleating agent are similar to those of similar products in China.",4
"Shenmu coal was blended with caking coal and the compatibilities of Shenmu coal in blended coal samples were explored. For this purpose, the influence of blending ratio on the coking property and the coal blending parameters in the completely bonding state of char were obtained. Meanwhite, the relationship between the wO∶wH in blended coal and the coking pro-perty were discussed. The results show that an increase in blending ratio of Shenmu coal results in a rapid decrease in the GRI value of the blending coal, and the experimental GRI value is far less than weighted GRI value, while in the Shenmu coal blending range, experimental Y value can well fit the calculated value of single coal. The effect of wO∶wH in blended coal on the caking property is in agreement with that of Shenmu coal blending ratio. In addition, in order to obtain completely bonding state coke, the largest percentage of Shenmu coal blended with gas coal, fat coal and coking coal are 30%, 50% and 40% , respectively. The Y value is equal to or bigger than 10 and the char residue characteristic index is bigger than 4, 5, 4 when Shenmu coal is blended with gas coal, fat coal and coking coal respectively.",3
"The transverse thrust loads of the annular gas channel inner partition caused by cokes were calculated based on the different packing situation of coke particles in the coke dry quenching. Stress fields of the annular gas channel inner partition were simulated by the finite element method with considering the pressure caused by the circulate cooling gas and coupling structure and thermal. The damage of refractories was analyzed from stresses. Results show that the temperature gradients and thermal stresses of annular gas channel inner partition increase with the increase of cooling gas flow rate; thermal stress is the main factor for deformation and crack of inner partition refractory materials because it is larger more than two times of structural stress. In order to avoid the further cracking and even collapse of inner partition, triangle support beams in the annular gas channel are installed. Then the suitable openings of different outlet plates for coke dry quenching are determined based on the calculated resistances to maintain the stability of furnace thermal system.",4
"Granular activated carbon was prepared by steam-activated high-temperature method using blue-coke powder with particle size of 2.0 mm-3.2 mm as raw material. The effects of activation temperature on the structure and properties of activated carbon were studied and the formation mechanism of pore structure of activated carbon was discussed. The surface morphology, specific surface area and pore structure of activated carbon were characterized by SEM and automatic adsorption apparatus. The results show that with the increase of the activation temperature, the yield of activated carbon continue to decrease, and the iodine adsorption value increases first and then decreases. When the activation temperature is 900 ℃, the yield of activated carbon is 59.81%, the iodine adsorption value is 812.86 mg/g, the BET specific surface area is 529.66 m2/g, and the pore volume is 0.298 9 cm3/g. The steam activation process is dominated by through-hole when the activation temperature is 600 ℃. The pore-forming stage is at 700 ℃-800 ℃, and the hole-expanding reaction is mainly carriy out at 800 ℃-1 000 ℃.",2
"Through establishing the response surface model, the interaction among different variables was investigated, and on the basis of reducing the operating times, the optimum extraction conditions were simulated. Taking three major factors, alkali mass concentration, liquid-solid ratio and leaching time as independent variables, the extraction rate as the response value, three factors and three levels of Box-behnken central composite test was adopted. The results show that the optimum condition as follows: alkali mass concentration is 0.049 8 g/mL, liquid-solid ratio is 10.44 mL/g, leaching time is 3.4 h and the predicted extration rate reach to 17.51%. As the experimental extration rate is 17.05%, the actual value is in a good agreement with the model predicted value.",2
"The welding seam of Q235A steel from the experiment of A-TIG (tungsten intent gas) was get, the tensile property of welding seam was checked using universal testing machine, and the corrosive property was checked through static corrosion test and electrochemical corrosion test. The results show that when fly ash is added as active agent, the weld seams have no big change in tensile strength compared with the tensile strength without surfactant; in static corrosion test, when fly ash 1 as surfactant，the corrosion resistance of the welding seam increases 1.90 times, 1.29 times and 1.81 times in 15% H2SO4, 10%NaOH and 3.5%NaCl solution than that of conventional weld seam respectively; when fly ash 2 as surfactant, the corrosion resistance of the welding seam increases 1.44 times, 1.20 times and 1.47 times in 15% H2SO4, 10%NaOH and 3.5%NaCl solution than that of conventional weld seam respectively; In electrochemical corrosion test,the corrosion rate of the active welding seam is smaller than that of conventional weld seam. The results show that adding fly ash as active agent can maintain the mechanical properties of the material and refine the microstructure to enhance the corrosion resistance.",4
"In order to explore the possibility of the synthesis of calcium carbide at low temperature, the thermodynamics of calcium carbide synthesis from calcium oxide and carbon were studied, and the influence of reaction conditions on the CaC2 theoretical equilibrium concentration were discussed. Thermodynamic analysis results indicate that the lowest critical production temperature of CaC2 is the Taman temperature of CaO (1 442 ℃) and the reaction is very slow because of the restricted diffusion of the reactants. When the temperature is 1 882 ℃, CaC2 can be synthesized from solid CaO and C. With the increase of CaC2 content, solid CaO would change into liquid and the critical temperature of production will drop to 1 753 ℃. When the temperature is 2 222 ℃, CaC2 can act as an auto-catalyst to promote the formation of calcium carbide. When the content of CaO is excessive, the Ca vapor can not be absorbed by C in time, which can cause the loss of Ca and the quality reduction of calcium carbide. The further results show that the theoretical equilibrium molar fraction of CaC2 reaches 92.9% when the temperature is 1 700 ℃ and CO pressure is 0.01 MPa. The thermodynamic analysis is verified by the experiments and CaC2 is synthesized when the temperature is 1 620 ℃ at Ar atmosphere.",4
"In order to study the hydrogenation liquefaction reactivity of western coal, liquefaction experiments of Naomaohu (NMH) coal and Bulian’gou (BLG) coal were carried out in high pressure batch autoclave. FTIR and 13C-NMR were used to study the distribution of functional groups and different kinds of carbon in the coal and the pre-asphaltene and asphaltene (PAA). The results show that the conversion rate and the oil yield of NMH is 96.33% and 47.86%, respectively, which is significantly higher than 76.18% and 23.44% of BLG. The proportion of aliphatic carbon and aromatic carbon in coal is the main factor affecting the conversion rate of hydrogenation liquefaction. The proportion of aliphatic functional groups is positively correlated with the reactivity while the proportion of aromatic functional groups has negative effect. High methylene carbon and methane carbon content are favorable to oil yield. The aliphatic carbon content in PAA is lower than that in raw coal, which indicates that the aliphatic carbon is the active structure in hydrogenation liquefaction process.",4
"K2SO4 or K2CO3 was loaded on a microcrystalline cellulose material. The co-pyrolysis characteristics of cellulose loaded with catalyst and coal were investigated by TG-FTIR, and the chemical structure of the samples before and after pyrolysis at 900 ℃ was characterized by FTIR. The FTIR results show that the absorption peaks of carbon-containing, hydrogen-containing and oxygen-containing functional groups and kaolinite disappear after pyrolysis at 900 ℃. The disappearance of organic functional groups is due to the release of gaseous products. The change of kaolinite is caused by thermal transformation into metakaolinite and quartz. Synergistic effect is observed during the co-pyrolysis of cellulose and coal. The load of potassium salt has a great influence on the char yield, the maximum reaction rate, the reaction temperature range, and the activation energy during the co-pyrolysis. The presence of potassium salt also results in an increase in CO and CO2 yields. Moreover, the temperature ranges of CO and CO2 generation shift to lower temperatures with the addition of potassium salt, particularly the K2CO3. In addition, K2SO4 has a positive effect on the evolution of products containing CO functional groups such as acids and ketals, while K2CO3 has a negative effect on it. K2CO3 and K2SO4 have different extent of negative effect on the release of CH4.",3
"Molecular modeling research based on transition state theory and density functional theory was performed to investigate the elemental reactions between hydrogen and the chars containing pyridinic-nitrogen or pyrrolic-nitrogen. Which the form of the nitrogen in char is more easily to release NH3 was studied from the point of energy and thermodynamics. The transition states of every elementary reaction were found. The enthalpy and activation energy of every step were also calculated. The results show that the first step in the hydrogenation adsorption is exothermic for Armchair and Zigzag char model containing pyridinic-nitrogen.However the second step in the hydrogenation adsorption is endothermic. As for Armchair and Zigzag char model containing 2-pyridine the hydrogen adsorption is endothermic. Whether pyridine-nitrogen or pyrrole-nitrogen, the Armchair configuration char is more easily to release NH2 than the Zigzag configuration char. Secendly the pyrrolic-nitrogen char containing 2-pyridine is more easily to release NH2 than the char model containing pyridinic-nitrogen. Finally the Armchair configuration char containing 2-pyridine is the pathway which is most easy to release NH3 in the four pathways designed in the paper. The formation of NH3 which is the NOx precursor is revealed in the paper.",3
"A kind of lignite A and atmospheric residue from Merey were chosen as raw materials. The reaction activity of the synthesized oil-soluble iron-nickel composite catalyst in the lab were evaluated during the coal/heavy oil co-processing in a autoclave. The catalysts’ sulfides and the solid residues after the co-processing were analyzed by XRD, SEM and TEM, to explain the activity difference among the composite catalyst and the single metal catalysts. Results show that the oil-soluble iron-nickel catalyst has a higher coal conversion of 87.37%, compared with the oil-soluble single metal catalysts of iron and nickel. The sulfide of the iron-nickel composite catalyst has low crystallinity and coarse surface, forming not only the individual metal sulfides but also the iron-nickel mixed crystal sulfide (Fe-Ni-S mixed crystal). The solid residue obtained from the iron-nickel composite catalyst exhibits small particle size, loose structure, and low degree of aromaticity, which further prove the promotion for the deep conversion of coal.",1
"Silica-gel column chromatography was improved utilizing the preparative liquid chromatography technology with four mobile phases (n-pentane, dichloromethane, acetic ether/ethyl cyanide and methyl alcohol) to separate and quantify the group components in the low temperature coal tar (LTCT) derived from Huolinhe lignite prolysis at 650 ℃, and each eluted fraction was identified by gas chromatography-mass spectrometer (GC-MS). Results show that the main components in LTCT include aromatics, oxygen-containing and nitrogen-containing compounds, which account for 22.47%, 31.19% and 17.66% of the total mass of the LTCT, respectively. The mass fraction of polyheteromatics is approximately 10% while both the contents of alkanes and alkenes are less than 10%. The results from the LTCT components demonstrate that the improved method shows desirable performance for the separation of group components in coal-based liquid according to their polarity and molecular structures.",1
"Oxidized Inner Mongolia lignite was degraded by two kinds of bacteria Sphingomonas Polyaromaticivorans and Rhodococcus Erythropolis. The pH value and degradation rate of centrifugal liquid product of degradated oxidized lignite were detected every day. The results show that the degradation rate is closely related to the pH value, when the pH value is in the range of 8.1 and 8.2, both bacteria show better degradation effect, and the degradation rate is inhibited when the pH value is greater than 8.4. The degradation rates of Sphingomonas Polyaromaticivorans and Rhodococcus Erythropolis is 50.86% and 52.86%, respectively, which indicate that both of these bacteria can effectively degrade oxidized lignite, and the degradation rate of Rhodococcus Erythropolis is higher than that of Sphingomonas Polyaromaticivorans. By ultravio-let spectrum (UV), infrared spectroscopy (IR) and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) techniques, the liquid products of degradation were analyzed. The results show that the liquid products of degradation mainly include esters and amides.",1
"Using KOH-HNO3 combined method to modify the coal-based electrode, the effects of KOH addition on the structure and adsorption properties of coal-based electrode materials were mainly studied. The appearance, surface functional group and pore size distribution were characterized by scanning electron microscopy (SEM), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) and N2 absorption method. The results show that the iodine adsorption value of coal-based electrode material gradually increases, while the compressive strength and yield decrease gradually, and the specific surface area, total pore volume and pore volume increase gradually as the KOH addition increases. When the KOH addition is 15% (mass fraction), the iodine adsorption value reaches 810.8 mg/g, the compressive strength is 4.47 MPa, the activation yield is 59.5%, the specific surface area is 377 m2/g, the total pore volume is 0.187 cm3/g, the pore volume is 0.160 cm3/g, and the porosity is 85.56%. With the increase in the number of micropore, mesopore and oxygen-containing functional groups on the surface，coal-based electrode material will form a well-developed honeycomb pore structure, which is conducive to the entering of electrolyte and the formation of electric double layer structure. Electrochemical tests show that the greater the KOH addition, the smaller the diffusion resistance of the coal-based electrode, and the larger the specific capacitance. The self-made coal-based electrode materials is used as the anode and cathode, and activated carbon is used as a particle electrode to treat cyanide wastewater，when the voltage is 4 V and the time is 5 h, and the removal rates of ions in wastewater is more than 95% by three-dimensional electrode system.",2
"Seven kinds of high-iron coal ash were selected as samples. The viscosity-temperature characteristics of high-iron coal ash were tested by high-temperature rotational viscosimeter. The samples were grouped according to the viscosity-temperature characteristics of coal ash. X-ray fluorescence (XRF), X-ray diffraction (XRD) and scanning electron microscope coupled with energy dispersive spectroscopy (SEM-EDS) were adopted to study the relationship between the viscosity-temperature characteristics and slag mineral. The results indicate that although the ash melting temperatures of high-iron coal ashes employe in this study are low, their critical viscosity temperatures are oppositely high. The viscosity-temperature curves of these samples show the characteristics of crystal slag and exhibit different fluctuation. The mass fraction of iron is related to the fluctuation of coal ash viscosity-temperature curve. With the increase of the ratio of w(Fe2O3)/w(CaO+MgO), the viscosity-temperature curves of coal ashes show more obvious fluctuation, which is mainly due to the formation of hercynite or magnesium aluminium iron oxide. When the ratio of w(Fe2O3)/w(CaO+MgO) is lower than 0.7, the viscosity-temperature curve shows none/little fluctuation. When the ratio of w(Fe2O3)/w(CaO+MgO) is between 0.7 and 1.0, certain fluctuation concentrated on viscosity value from 15 Pa·s to 60 Pa·s is exhibited. When the ratio of w(Fe2O3)/w(CaO+MgO) is higher than 2.0, significant fluctuation on the viscosity-temperature curve is observed.The brightness difference of back scattered electron (BSE) images indicates the variation of element enrichment. Fe and Mg are mainly enriched in brighter area, Si and Ca are mainly enriched in darker area, and Al is detected in these two areas.",1
"The kinetics of reaction between NO and carbon during flue gas denitrification catalyzed by activated-char-supported composite metals were investigated under non-isothermal conditions. The apparent activation energy of the catalytic denitrification reaction by activated-char was calculated using Flynn-Wall-Ozawa (FWO), Kissinger-Akahira-Sunose (KAS) and Coats-Redfern (CR) methods using TGA data. The catalyst phases before and after denitrification reaction were analyzed using X-ray diffraction (XRD). The results show that the apparent activation energy of the denitrification reaction and the reaction temperature decrease after loading of copper and iron composite metal catalysts onto chars. When the carbon conversion of the activated char is less than 0.3, the denitrification process is limited by chemical reaction rate. When the carbon conversion is higher than 0.3, the denitrification process turns to diffusion controll. During the denitrification process, the deactivation of the catalysts is caused by the oxidation of the active metal phases.",3
"Cheap activated coke was directly prepared by using drop-tube reactor and fixed bed reactor under optimum preparation condition with high temperature steam activated method from hydrogenation char, and was used as adsorbent to treat high and low concentration gasification wastewater. The results show that with increasing activation time from 5 s to 120 min, the adsorption for iodine and phenol adsorbance of activated coke both first increase and then decrease slightly, while the specific surface and total pore volume of activated coke increase. Hydrogenation char without activation has poor performance both in adsorption index and treatment for wastewater. Activated coke prepared by using drop-tube reactor with activation time of 5 s has not obvious change in adsorption properties, while adsorption properties of activated coke prepared by using fixed bed reactor increase obviously. When activation time is 90 min，the adsorption for iodine and phenol of activated coke reaches the highest, 97 mg/L and 588 mg/L respectively, and the specific surface and total pore volume of activated coke reach 675.53 m2/g and 0.631 2 cm3/g respectively. When activation time is more than 30 min, the activated coke has good performance on the removal rate and absorption capacity of COD, phosphorus and TOC, similar to commercially available activated coke, while with the activation time changing from 30 min to 120 min, the variation range of removal rate and absorption capacity of COD, phosphorus and TOC are less than 5%, the activation time has little influence on the removal rate and absorption capacity of COD, phosphorus and TOC.",2
"O2/CO2 combustion characteristics of cellulose and hemicellulose and lignin were studied using thermogravimetric analyzer. The influence of the combustion atmosphere (O2/CO2, O2/N2), oxygen volume fraction (10%, 21% and 40%) and heating rate (10 ℃/min, 20 ℃/min and 30 ℃/min) on O2/CO2 combustion characteristics were investigated. The results show that the three-biomass components combustion process appeare varying degrees of delay in O2/CO2 atmosphere compared that in O2/N2 atmosphere and it mainly reflects in the coke combustion stage. The lignin combustion delay is more obvious than that of cellulose and hemicellulose, due to the higher lignin coke content. In O2/CO2 atmosphere, the increase of oxygen volume fraction has less influence on volatile matter combustion, due to the high oxygen content of the three biomass components. However, there is a remarkable impact on coke combustion with the increase of oxygen volume fraction, and the coke combustion stage moves to the low temperature zone, the comprehensive combustion characteristics improve significantly. In O2/CO2 atmosphere, the combustion process of three biomass components move towards higher temperature zone with the heating rate increasing. There are significantly increasing of weight loss rate of cellulose and hemicellulose in the stage of volatile separating out; in the stage of coke combustion, the weight loss rate of lignin increase significantly. The comprehensive combustion characteristics of three biomass components improve. Compared with cellulose and hemicellulose, lignin combustion reactivity and combined combustion characteristics are relatively poor.",3
