text,label
"CO2 emission reduction is an important countermeasure against the globalclimate change. Now , about one third of China 's CO2 emission is from coal-fired power plants.Carbon mitigation from power plant scould be realized by the combination of efficiency boost and CO2 recovery and sequest ration. Rankine cycle, IGCC using adva nced turbines such as GEHclass, and Integ rated Coal Gasification SOFC ( So lid Oxide Fuel Cell ) Hybrid represent the typical configurations of coal-fired power plants for today, near term and the future, with typicalefficiencies of over 40% , 50% and 60% respectively. This paper simulates these three powerplants with Aspen PlusTM , and examines their perfo rmances with and without CO2 recovery,based on which , the effects of CO2 mitigati n and carbon taxupon the production cost ofelectrici ty are analyzed. Also , this paper discusses how to promote the carbo nmitigation inpower industry in the future.",3
"The pyrolysis characteristics of three different rank coals as DY, X Z and XY were studied in different temperature and at three different atmo spheres as N2, CO2 and steam. Paper research the effects of coal rank, atmosphere and temperature on the yield of pyrolysis products and the composition character of pyro lysis gas. Results show that to the above three coal samples, the yields of char take on one increase trend with the coal rank deeper; the quanti ty of tar and gas will increase generally with the enhance of coal volatility, butit be effected by coal structure, pyrolysis temperature, heating rate and so on simul taneo usly. H2 and CH4 compo nents of XZ sample have amaximum in this three samples, and ( CO+ CO2 ) components take a decreaset rend with the reduce of Oelement quantity in coal. Compared with N2 atmosphere, char decrease and gas increase at CO2 and steam tmosphere, and yield of tar is hig hest in steams'. On gas composition, H2 component has the highest yield at steam atmosphere, but CO and CH4 and hydrocarbon C2-C5 obtain the minimum atit. LHV decrease in turn at N2, CO2 and steam atmospheres.",2
"This paper mainly di scusses the fo rmatio n and release o f NOx precursors-NH3 during coal fixed-bed pyrolysis. Three coals with different carbon content were selected in our experiments. The reaction gases were Ar, CH4 , 15% H2O /Ar and 15% H2O/CH4. The results indica te that the NH3 yield is higher in the reaction gas of steam and CH4 than that of only Ar or CH4 and this increasing trend chang es with coal types, final tempera ture and reaction time. The rease is CH4 and H2O is provided to activity Hwhich high reactivity of Hcan promo te the fo rmation of NH3. The variety of char yield obtained af ter coal py rolysis is not o bvio us in the optimal reaction conditions.",2
"Using Pyris 1TGA produced in America Perkin Elmer Compa ny , experimental studies on different diameter coal pyrolysis were carried out by non-isothermal thermo gravimetric analysis. The studies show that the pyrolytic process of coal can be divided into four stages, the heating rate and coal diameter have important effecton pyrolysis curve, and use the release property index to represent the coal pyroly sis property. Study the coal pyrolysis process by py rolysis reactio ndynamics equation, the calcuation result show that the pyrolysis kinetics parameters can be good to reflect the pyrolysis condition.",1
"Structure of macerals, including vitrinites from four coal samples and liptinite, inertini te from Ping shuo coal, was investiga ted in this paper. Macerals were separated from different rank coals by DGC. The concent rates of macerals were analysed by Leitz MPV -Ⅲ. The chemicalst ructure and microcrystallite were determined by FT-IR and X RD. The results indicated that the structures of vit rinites are different. There was more aliphatic hydrogen in low rank coal vitrinite( YN-Vit ) than that in high rank coal vit rinite( CC-Vi t ) whereas there was more aromatic hydrogen in CC-Vit. The d ,La , Lc indicate the crystal lite structure of CC-Vit was better than YN-Vi t. It is obvio us that vitrinite can represent the structure of raw coal. As for the effect of maceral type on the structure, it was obvio us that the structure of inertinite, vitrinite, and liptinite has at remendo us difference. There was more aliphatic hydro gen in liptinite than that in other two macerals whereas there was more aromatic hydrogen in inertinite. And the crystallite",3
"Generally, low-rank coals are appro priate raw material of coal hydroliquefaction, but high oxygen content of lignites and apart of subbi tuminous coals results in a higher hydrogen consumption. For these coals the deoxy-modification is of sig nificance. In this paper a series of deoxy-modi fica tion ex periments for 4 selected co als- Huo linhe, Xiao long tan, Yima and Shenhua were co nducted under pressuri zed vapour condition in an auto clave. As a result , the oxyg encontent and oxygen containing functional group co ntent of all treated coals obviously decreased, the highest remov al rate of oxygen was reached 20.7% . The coal property experienced some changes-for example, the calorific value and carbon content increased, the moisture holding capacity and volatile matter decreased, show ing that the coal rank somew hat raised. By chemical analysis, the acidic-carbo xyl and phenolic groups were analyzed. The result indicated that after deoxy-modificationt reatments of low rank coals, their to talacidic oxgencontaining",0
"The gasifier is a key equipment to the process of coal gasificatio n. If f lame stabili ty decreased, the problems of combustion noi se, efficiency reducting and flameo ut is appeared. The pressure signal of different f lame status in entrained flow gasifier is analyzed by the w avelet-transform analysis in this paper. The result s indicate there is a close relationship between the combustion status and pressure sig nal, pressure sig nal moves towa rd high frequency with the increase of flame stability. Acco rding to this relatio nship, the model of combustion diag nosis in entrained flow gasifier could be established.",3
"Fractal concepts was int roduced in the study of char gasification. The cha nges of pore surface area and pore volume of char during g asi fication could be described in acco rdance with afractal rule. The quicker the char g asified, the higher the fractal dimension was. How ever, fractal rule could only be used to describle the coal cha r gasification that the char pore volume was made up of micropore and mesopore.",3
"A quar tz tubula r reactor has been used to study the effect of coke on the steam and carbo n dio xide reforming reactions of methane. The experiments were carried out at 700 ℃-1 300℃. The results show that the conversion of methane to produce sy ng as o bvio usly increased with the present of coke in the reactor, and the initial temperature of methane decomposition were down. From the ma terial bala nce analysis of C and H atom, it can be seen that the mass of coke is constant during the carbon dioxide reforming reactio no fmethane. The function of coke for the carbon dioxide reforming of methane is simi lar to the “catalysis”process.",1
"The adsorption characteristics of pure CH4, CO2 and their binary mix tures on Jincheng and Lu 'an coal under high pressure have been studied, and formula of absolute adso rption has been given to employ studying the absolute adso rptioni so therm of real gas on coal in the paper. The studying results show: The adso rbed amount of mixed g ases is between pure methane and dioxide carbo nunder hig h pressure and the Gibbs adso rption i so therms is dif ferent to that of absolute adsortion; There is different adsorptio n characteristics between CH4 and CO2; It is alw ays preterential adsorption of CO2, and selection of CO2 adso rption on coal is increa sed with the increasing of equi lbrium pressure. The studying results can used to direct investigation of CO2 enhanced coalbed methane recovery and CO2 sequest ration in coalbed with injection flue gas.",2
Mixing sect i s set at the top of the py rolysi s reacto r. And four fanlike baf fles with tapered co nst riction are equipped in it. Coal and heat-carriers are fed into mix ing sect befo re flow ing into the py ro lysis reacto r. In the mix ing sect coal and heat-carriers are di spersed and mix ed quickly by the action of baff les under g rav ity. Experiment s are car ried out in the batch reactor of fine coal fast pyrolysis which scale is 1 kg coal and 10 kg heat-carriers. And th e results are compared with the pyrolysis ex perimental results in which coal and heat-ca rriers are mixed by screw pro peller. It shows that it is a very effectiv e mixing type and can be used in the process of low temperature pyrolysis.,1
"In order to make full use o f the slime resource, some cataly st s are added in for enhancing the combustio n efficiency. The effect of different ca talysts on the slime ig nition tempera ture, burning completely temperature, and area of heating value are compared, The results show that catalysts can decrease the ignition temperature and burning completely temperature, increase the quantity of heat releasing during combustio n, and the catalytic effect of the TF catalyst is bet ter than KNO3 catalyst. The mechani smis discussed in this paper.",3
"Reg eneration behavior of Fe-Ca based desul furi zer was investiga ted in the tubular fix ed-bed. The influence of regeneration temperature on regenera tion of desulfurizer were studied The results showed that , in atmo sphere containing O2, reg eneration conversio n decreases as the temperature rising , however the case is on the oppo site when reg enerated in atmosphere containing H2O. In O2-H2O containing atmo sphere, the feasibly lower temperature and the higher H2O/O2 value fav or to achieve elemental sulfur.",3
"The kinetics of preparation active ca rbo n from Yunnan Xianfeng lig ni te with phosphoric acid activ ation was studied. The results rev eal that pre-impreg nation lignite with phosphoric acid so lution before carbo nization had a n acceleration to the carboni zation and activation of lignite, and the element H and O were elimination from lig nite by H2O, alcoholic or aldehyde lit t le mo lecular etc. The reactio n of carboni zatio n and activ atio n of lig ni te is o ne orderreactio",3
"Gra nular coa l-based Activ ated Carbo n( AC) made f rom Da to ng bi tumite and high-temperature co al-based pi tch by the method o f agg lomeration. When the o ther procedure technologies are the same, once the AC products w ere preoxidi zed befo re ca rbo nization, the properties of the final AC product s such as wa ter adsorptio n, iodine No. , methylene blue No. and CCl4 adso rption ratio ca n increase respectively 27% -34% , 134 mg /g , 86 mg /g-96 mg /g and 9% - 13. 5% ( adsolute ari thmetic di fference) . In addi tio n, when th e pro perties of the final AC pro ducts such as water adsorption, io dine No. , methylene blue No. a nd CCl4 adso rptio n ratio can be cont rolled respectively betw een 106% and 119% , more than 1 050 mg /g, more than 225 mg /ga nd betw een 67% and 75% at the same time, it ca n raise the yield of activ ation procedure 10% at least w hi le the AC product s underw ent preo xidi zed t rea tment befo re carboni zatio n. Whether the properties or the yield of the AC product s, it 's adva ntag eous a bsolutely to pre-t reat the shapedraw material wi th o xy gen in ai r befo re the carbo niza tion procedure.",0
"The change rules of coal ta r pi tch 's TI, QI,β-resin, sof tening point and coking value during the thermal polymeri zatio n modi fica tion were inv estiga ted in an auto clave. The resul ts indicated that T I, QI, sof tening point and coking v alue of coal tar pi tch will rise up with the increasing of the time a nd tempera ture. β-resin wil l ri se up in the fi rst stage of the thermal polymeri zatio n. Whenβ-resin reaches i ts maximum value, i t wil l decline wi th the increasing of the time and temperature. The majo r ta rg ets of modified pitch will chang e in a litt le v aria tion rang e with several repeatabi li ty test, w hich will supply the suppo rt fo r the amplified test s and industry manufacture.",2
"Thi s paper int roduced the ex perimental study on the fluidi za tion of the mix ture o f biomass and coal. The biomass materials employed w ere cornstalk a nd rice ha ulm. The ex periments w ere ca rried out in a f luidi zed bed column wi th ID of 115 mm and heigh t o f 1 000 mm. The ex perimenta l resul ts show ed that sing le biomass material s were very di fficult to be f luidi zed, w hi le the go od f luidi zatio n could be achiev ed wi th the addi tion of coa l as lo ng as the mass f ractio n of biomass was less than 50% . A modi fied equatio n w as used to sati sfactorily predict the umf va lues of mix tures of biomass and coal.",0
"Modification of coal tar pi tch ( CTP) as carbon materials w as studied using 4- methyl benzaldehyde ( 4-MB) as modi fier by an acid catalyst in this pa per. The modification mecha ni sm w as studied by fourier t ra nsfo rm inf ra-red( FT-IR) and 1 H nuclear mag netic reso nance ( 1 H-NMR) spectro sco py techno logies, respectiv ely. Pola ri zed microsco pe is employed to study the o ptical st ructure of pyro lyzed substances of the modi fied co al tar pi tch and shapes of the modified co al tar pi tch are observ ed th ro ugh SEM. The result s show that elect rophilic substitutio n reaction could occur betw een CTP and 4-MB under the action of toluene-p-sulfo nic acid. The sha pe of the modified coal ta r pi tch is fibre st ructure and the o ptical tex ture of py ro lyzed substances i s a wide-domains st ructure. The modi fied co al ta r pi tch with 4-MB be an promising carbo n precursor.",2
"Coal /PAN complexes w ere sy nthesi zed by aniline monomer in coal template initiated by APS, taking advantag es of the aciolic functio nal g ro up, pore st ruct rue and speci fic aromatic ring of coal st ructure. Pore st ructure were the key facto rs that af fect the co nductivi ty of coal /PAN complexes. In thi s paper, HNO3 , H2 O2 a nd aniline ex t raction w ere chosen to cha nge the pore st ructure in co al. The analysis result s of co nductivi ty and po re st ructure indicated tha t the conductiv ity o f coal /PAN w as improved by ox ida tion and ex t raction, which dev eloped the po re st ructure in coal, a nd then faci li ta ted the process of ani line entering the sw elled coa l pore.",1
"In order to improv e acety lene yield f rom coal by plasma py ro lysis, i t is necessary to rai se the temperature o f reactio n sy stem up to sublima tio n point of carbo n. Themody namic equilibrium systems of coal a re studied in this paper, based on w hich a new method to produce acetylene f rom coal by plasma pyro lysis wi th coal-bed metha ne as refrig eation is propo sed w here the ini tial tempera ture of reaction sy stem is abov e 4 000 K. It is show ed by theo retica l computa tion a nd analysis that hig h acetylene yield wi th low speci fic energy consumptio n can be obtained w ith this method.",2
Yima a nd America n Pocaho ntas No. 3 coal samples w ere ex ha ustively,2
"The roles of three reactions inv olv ed in dimethyl ether ( DM E) synthesis from CO hydrogena tio n: methanol sy nthesi s reaction ( MSR) , methanol dehydra tio n reactio n (MDR) and wa ter g as shif t reaction (WGSR) a re studied respectiv ely by thermodynamic calcula tion. By the fo undation of three models, MSR, MSR+ MDR, MSR+ MDR+ WGSR the effect s of CO concent ra tion in feed, temperature and pressure on the synergic effect are investiga ted in a wide ra nge. Some informatio n o f the adv antag es and sho rtcoming s deriv ed f rom sy nergic effect is demonst rated to guide the study of kinetics o f dimethy l ether sy nthesi s.",3
"Fischer-Tropsch sy nthesi s( FTS) is one of the key processes in the co nv ersiono f coal , na tural g as and biomass to liquid fuels via sy ng as. The selection o f new catalyst s and o ptimum opera tion co ndi tions in it s industrial applicatio ns need a sound scienti fic foundatio n, w hich entail detailed info rmatio n of i t s mechanism. In this paper, the development of the mecha ni stic resea rches fo r CO activ atio n in FTS a re review ed. The impo rta nt pa rts includig the nature of cataly tic surface, the o rientatio n in CO-surface interaction a nd the ef fects o f promo ters and co-adso rbents are int roduced in detai l.",0
"Carbon tax , EOR /ECBM a nd ca rbo n emi ssio n t rading are effectiv e measures driving power g enera tio n secto r to mi tiga te CO2 . How ev er, i t still takes a lo ng time for these measures, especially carbo n tax a nd emi ssio n t rading , to come into fo rce in China. So before that, w e must consider that how to improv e the economics of IGCC and coal ga si fica tio n so lid oxide fuel cell hybrid wi th the capture and storag e o f CO2 and further facili tate the deployment of IGCC a nd SO FC hybrid in China.Wi th co-productio n o f hydrog en and pow er a s the wedg e, this a rticle designed and simulated four co-production cases. Based o n the technical resul ts, capi tal, cost of electrici ty a nd hy drog en a re analy zed, w hich suppo rt s the di scussion abo ut w hether and how to improv e the eco nomics, how to configure co-pro duction sy stems in terms o f energ y uti li zatio n a nd cost , a nd how to promo te the mi tig atio n of CO2 in pow er plants befo re and af ter the operatio n of carbo n tax a nd emi ssio n t rading measures.",2
"The pa per concerns the selective cataly tic reductio n principle to de-NOx in flue g as using dif ferent ca talyst s and di fferent reducing ag ent. It discusses the catego ry o f three types o f SCR cataly st , w hich are included wi th no ble metal ca taly st , metal oxide catalyst , ionexchang ed zeo li te ca talyst , and describes the activi ty character of the three types catalyst s in SCR reactio n. The main composition and their actio n in the V2O5-WO3-MoO3 cataly st that has been used most commonly in the w orld are inv olv ed. The main questio ns that should be co nsidered and solved in ca talyst preparatio n and using a re pointed o ut.",3
"Co al sw elling is o ne of the ma jo r facto rs at t ributing to vi sco sity change of coal-oi l slurry during di rect coa l liquefactio n. The sw elling kinetics o f Shenhua coal in org anic so lv ents dimethyl fo rmamide, tet ralin and recycle oil a t 40 ℃-120 ℃are studied in this paper. The result s show that the sw el ling rate of Shenhua coal in o rganic solvents increases along with temperature but the sw elling ra te in polar solv ent-dimethy l formamide i s much high than that in no n-plar solv ent-tet ralin; The sw el ling behavio r o f Shenhua coal is co nsonant wi th first reactio n kinetics; The activ ation energy of Sh enh ua coal in three solvent s are al l less than 10 k J/mo l which show s tha t during sw elling , the process is co nt rolled by solvent mo lecule dif fusio n in coal.",2
"This thesis inv estig ates the so lubi li ties of Tong ting cla rain and Wali cla rain in CS2-N-methy 1-2-py rolidinone mix ed solv ent. Mainly ex amines th e inherent relationships betw een raw co al, exact s and residues a t th e indust rial a naly tic, real densi ty a nd visco si ty; comparativ e analysis fo r the component s and st ructural cha racteri zatio ns o f raw coal, exacts and residues by applying adv anced analytic techniques such as FTIR. Based on the researches mentioned a bov e, the co nclusion i s draw ed, tha t ex t ract s co ntains aliphatic in coal a nd compo nents having the st ructural o f alcoho l, phenolic, ether, but residues co ntains the compo nents having the st ructural o f aromatic.",2
"The py roly sis mechani sms of thiophene in coal hav e been studied by using Densi ty Functional Theo ry ( DFT) U B3LYP /6- 31G( d ) in thi s paper. Tw o kinds of thiophene 's free radicals w hich a re produced in the pyroly sis process o f thio phene functionali ties are inv estigated by quantum chemi st ry calculation, a nalysi s w ith the bond Mulliken Po pulatio n and o ther calculatio nal result s, the mechanisms of py ro lysis of orga nic sulphur as thio phene in coal are proposed and discussed. The result s show tha t the bo nd of C S bo nd is the w eakest bond of the system, i t wi ll be dissociated fi rst in py ro lysis. The final production is HC CH , sulphur releases in the fo rm o f H2S.",2
"Thi s paper inv olved the effect of inherent minerals on the release of HCN, NH3 and dist ributio n o f ni trog en during three co al py rolysi s. Py rolysi s w as carried out in a fix ed bed reacto r at atmospheric atmoso phere. Result s show that not only the yield of NH3 f rom deminerali zed coal i s less than that f rom raw coal in di fferent co al type during py rolysi s, but also it chang es wi th ash ma t ter in coal; HCN fo rmatio n is af fected by inherent minerals, coal rank is also one of key factors which affect s HCN fo rmation; inherent minerals also af fect s obviously ni t rogen dist ributio n.",3
Brow n coal and biomass all hav e the characteri stics of thermal decompo sition of their chemical st ructure. Outcomes of th ree fo rms may be g ot ten by their thermal decomposi tio n. The yields of th ree fo rms o utcome will hav e dif ferent wi th the condi tio n of thermal decomposi tio n fo r some co al and biomass. Brow n coal ( from Longkou mine) and biomass( saw dust and shell o f walnut ) w ere tested by thermal decompo sitio n under low er temperature in the study. The dif ference of the yields of three fo rms outcome was rev iew ed w hen biomass was decomposed and the mix ture of biomass and brow n coal w as decomposed under some co ndi tion o f thermal decomposi tio n. The performa nce of raw char used di rect ly as adso rbent w as rev iew ed. The result o f adsorptio n test stated tha t the adsorbing v alue of raw char to methylene blue may reach 7.3 mg /g.,0
"In thi s paper, the static stabili ty o f di fferent CW S has been studied by using 14 Chinese coals sluries formula ted wi th 10 di spersants. The result shows that the CWS sta bility of low ra nk i s the mainly to coal 's properties, and the stro ng er the hydrophici li ty is, the bet ter the stabili ty of CWS. The CWS stability of high rank coal depends mainly o n the structure cha racteristic o f dispersant. The effect o f dispersant on CWS stability is mainly dependent on the di rect o r indirect interactio n of the di spersant w as adso rbed on the coal particle surface. When the particles in CWS were able to fo rm the larg e th ree-dimensional st ructure by the interaction of di spersants at static state, the CWS ca n be retained a goo d stabi li ty. An ex perience model has been set up, w hich may be used to estimate the sta tic stabi li ty of di fferent CWS by the pa rameters o btained f rom the rheological curv es.",1
"The inf luences of adding the sodium lig nosulfo nate ( LS) o n th e rheo logical cha racteristics o f co al-wa ter suspensio n w ere inv estiga ted, including the ef fect s of LS concent ra tion, dif ferent molecular mass, suspension temperature, suspension pH and the rheological characteri stics compa rison o f LS a nd NDF. The ex cessiv e surfactant can induce the apparent viscosi ty to increase i f the dosag e is mo re than 0. 8% by coal w eig ht. Di fferent mo lecula r masses of LS have dif ferent inf luences o n the suspensio n f luidi ty. The f raction of 10 000-50 000 is a go od choice fo r the f luidi ty. The suspension apparent vi scosity decreases as the temperature is less than 60 ℃. The tempera ture exceeds 60 ℃, the viscosi ty w ill increase. Co nsidering the f luidi ty, the appropriate pH i s about 9 in the range o f w eak acid and basic in the suspensio n. LS has a n ideal pseudoplasticity in abov e dif ferent condi tio ns. The preashearing ex periment reveals that the suspensio n vi scosity added the LS surfactant increases w ith the time pro longing.",2
"Sev eral kind of coal w ere thermally upg raded a t low er temperature. The resul ts show that slurry abili ty o f coal ca n be improv ed and apparent visco si ty, separated wa ter of COWS can be decreased in the tempera ture rang e o f 200 ℃-300 ℃. All o f abov e because o f the decomposi tio n of the ox yg en-bearing functional g roups on the coa l surface w hich reduced the moi sture holding capaci ty no tably.",2
"The co ntents of envi ronmentally-sensi tiv e t race element s such As, Se, Pb, Hg, Cr , Cd, Ni, Co, Mn, Br, Sb, Be, Mo, U, Th and V w ere detemined by IN AA, ICP-AES a nd AAS. By comparing the co ntent s of t race elements in coal wi th the co ntents o f t race element s in dif ferent ash , the di st ribution characteri stic of t race element s in combustio n w as studied. Based o n the modes o f occur rence of t race elements in coal, the combustio n mechanism o f t race element s was researched.",3
"Jiny uan coal w as t reated in oxidatio n so lv ent s under ult rasonic a nd microw ave radia tio n. The effect o f t rea ting conditions, including the co ncent ratio n of coal, si ze of coal, reactio n time, the co ncent ratio n of oxidant s, the pow er of ult raso nic and the co ncent ratio n of acid o n the yield of remov ing a rsenic w ere studied. The ex periment result s show ed that the arsenic of coal wa s obviously remov ed in oxidatio n solv ents under ult rasonic and microw av e radia tio n. The yield of remov ing a rsenic in co al reached 90% and more. The yield o f removing ari senic increases w ith the co ncent ratio n o f oxidants, the co ncent ratio n of acid, the power of ult raso nic and the low concent ra tion of coal.",3
"In the study of the process of tannic ex t ract desulfuri za tion, alkabini ty, tannic concent ra tion va nadium co ncent ratio n a nd temperature w ere studied and the common rule of each facto r inf luence on desulfuri za tion efficiency and appropriate o peratio n condi tio n were acquired. As the primary facto r, alkabini ty should be below 12 g /L, the desul furi zatio n ef fect is optimum w hen the ra tio of tannic and sodium metav anada te w as 1. 5-2; the high abso rption tempera ture is unfavo ur fo r desulfurzation. 30 ℃-40℃w as prov ed to be effectiv e th roug h ex periments.",2
"U ti li zes thermog rav imet ric to research the burning of the mud and coa l pow der activa tion o f mix ture, and analysis to calcula te activ ation energy E and f requency facto r A for the mud and co al pow der activ atio n of mix ture in di fferent proportion based Matlab, a nd ana lyses slight ly about the combustio n and cha racteristic of burning. Th roug h researching and analyzing finding that activ atio n energ y and f requency facto r had close relations to the burning cha racteristic, estimi te the burning co ndi tio n of mix ture th ro ug h activ atio n energ y E a nd f requency factor A in o rder to lay the foundatio n fo r studying and using fur ther in the future.",1
"The effect s o n so lutio n loss reaction o f coke by adding 11 oxides into a same coke by mea ns of bo th additio n a nd adso rption and the dif ferences there o f w ere investiga ted. The mecha ni sms of dif ferent effect s w ere a nalysed in view of ca taly si s action, w ay of di sperse of a mineral in coke and effect s o n microst ructure o f coke by mineral. The caty lysis actions o n coke by a same mineral a re the same no ma t ter w ha t w ay of adding is used. Adsorptio n mineral merely di sperse o n the surface o f coke unifo rmly. Whi le addition mineral is part ly w raped by ma trix of coke. The cataly zed surface by the tw o means is di fferent. The mineral in coke by adding may be ef fectiv e to the reactivi ty of coke by modifying the st ructure o f coke.",3
"High-temperature mould pressing tech nolo gy fo r pi tch-based carbon composi tes i s a ra pid shaping technique improv ed f rom mould pressing tech nolog y , but it has many di sadv antages, such as g rea t inv estment in equipment s, low er molding pressure and poo r technological practica bili ty. Therefore, this paper bro ugh t forw ard a new prepara tion tech nolog y, namely mould pressing and semi-carboni za tion techno logy ( MSCT ) . In o rder to validate the o utstanding adv antag es o f the MSC T tech nolog y , pi tch-based ca rbo n compo si tes w ere fabricated w ith M SC T technolog y and mo uld pressing techno log y, and thei r microst ructure, densi ty a nd compressiv e st reng th w ere experimented. It i s co ncluded tha t the microst ructure of the composi tes fabricated wi th MSCT techno logy is denser than that o f the composi tes fabricated wi th mould pressing techno log y, and thence the densi ty and compressiv e st rength of the fo rmer has increased respectiv ely by 28. 3% and 144. 4% as compared wi th that of the lat ter.",2
"In the paper, na nometer titanium dioxide particles w ere prepared by sol-g el f rom TiCl4 , a nd w ere applied to photoca taly tic oxidation o f the coke waste w ater. When heatingtempera ture is 600℃, nanometer TiO2 pow ders i s mix ture of ana tase a nd rutile, it s si ze i s 65 nm, the ruti le has 21.3% in the pow ders. The ex perience result show s tha t the t rea ting ef ficiency of the mixing crystal pow ders i s the best. The optimum conditio n is adding 0. 4 g na nometer ti tanium dioxide in the 100 g w aste wa ter and laying the w aste w ater in the sun for mo re than 4 h. The remov al ef ficiency of the w aste w ater ' CODcr is up to 50% .",1
"Fly ash-ty pe adso rbent wi th hig h crystal linity and puri ty w ere sy nthesi zed by Na2CO3 o r NaO H fusion of qua rt z-containing elut rillithe follow ed by hydrothermal t reatment. Wi thin the temperature range of 368 K, i ts adsorptio n feature was inv estiga ted. The adso rption properties of the fly ash-based adsorbent w ere cha racteri zed by adso rption iso therm, speci fic surface and po re di stribution wi th the help of N2 adso rption. The adso rption isotherm of phenol w ere tested, based on w hich effectiv e means to increa se the adso rption of f ly ash-based adso rbent is proposed.",2
"A soap-free latex of the methy l methacrylate ( MMA ) ini tiated by some ini tiator w as prepared. Mo no-di spersed PMMA /PAN core-shell mo rpho logy compo site par ticles w ere prepared by emulsif ier-f ree seeds emulsion polymeri za tion in which soap-f ree latex acted as core. The effect s o f the initia to r, amount o f PAN on the particle size and pa rticle si ze dist ributio ns o f the la tex w ere discussed in detail. Mo rphologies o f mo no-di spersed PMM A la tex pa rticles a nd PMMA /PAN composite par ticles w ere cha racteri zed by laser particle si ze inst rument, SEM a nd T EM, co re-shell mo rpholog y of PMM A /PAN composi te particles were prov en.",2
"On the basi s of practical running co ndi tio ns of Recti sol Wash Uni t ( RWU ) in Nanjing Chemica l Indust rial Co. Ltd. , the deficiencies in original desig n w ere summarized a nd the new si tuations in feedstock cha nge f rom heav y oil to coal w ere analyzed. So a rev amped design scheme for RWU was pro po sed. Af ter th e feedstock chang e, the raw gas f low rate, the to tal CO2 a nd the H2 S in raw g as f low wil l be 1. 18, 1. 30 a nd 4. 8 times as larg e as the o riginal",2
"Six dif fe rent rank coals (including gas coal , weak-caking coal , fat coal , coking coal and lean coal) are ext racted by CS2-NMP mixing solvent s under room tempe rature and pressure , the coal wi th v olatile 35 % show s the hig hest ex t ractio n yield (43. 05 %). Ex t ract ion yield of dif ferent rank coals have linear relatio ns wi th thei r Au-Ar dilatation and plastic temperature domain. By the IR spect ra o f coal ,residua and coke , it show sd that af te r e xt ract ing , the content of aliphatic and alicyclic in residua decreases , mo st mine ral s in residua. Different rank coals show different intensi ty of hydrogen bonds :in fat and g as coals , this bonds locate in macrostructure ; in lean and w eak-caking coals , they are in ex tractable micro-molecular compounds.",2
"Thi s study a ttempts to f ind a new method of soy pro tein (SPI) surface modif ication of co al to enhance the biodegradabi li ty of coal. The surface modification w as co nducted by adso rption and g raf ting method using SPI as a modifier and Shenfu coal (SC) and o xidized Shenfu coal(OC) as mat rix. The SPI g raf ted coals were characterized by FT-IR analy sis. The aerobicbiodeg radation o f SC , OC and SPI mo dified coals w as carried out using compound microo rgani sms separated from soil. CO2 yield ,w eig ht lo ss , humic acid (HA) content and FT-IR of the solid residues , and UV-VIS adsorptio n o f liquid pro duct s w ere applied to examine the bio deg radation pro perties of the samples. The result s show ed that SPI surface modi ficat ion i s able to promo te the biodeg radabi li ty of both SC and OC , especially for the OC coals. The di fference of pro tein adsorbed coal and graf ted coal o n interfacial interaction result in di fferent biodeg radat ion mechanism fo r them ;the bio degradat ion product o f adso rbed coal i s mainly CO2 , w hile the pro duct s of grafted co al s are mainly HA in bo th liquid and solid phase.",0
"The co rrelation between pro ximate analy sis o f coal and hardg rove g rindability index(HGI)w as studied in this paper .It w as fo und that by stat istically the more the moi sture and volati le mat ter w ere in coal the less the HGI w as , but the more ash and f ixed carbo n w ere , the hig her the HGI w as .How ever , the cor relation i s no nlinear fo r pro ximate and HGI in coal s .It w as also found that the accessing function o f HGI based on pro ximate of coal by li terature is not co rrect for coals in China .The proximate analysi s is an index for co al as a homogenous compound .The index cannot reflect the complexity o f HGI .Some phy sical factors such as the maceral s ,the type , size and dist ributio n of mine ral mat ters and the microco smic tectonics are very impo rtant fo r HGI .",3
"The sulfur content in co als of China w as studied based on 2 237 co al samples from Chinese Coal Resource Database. The di st ribut ion of sulfur in the coals from different geological ages , different coal-accumulatio n dist rict s , di fferent provinces and di fferent classes of coals w ere di scussed. The study show s that the content and dist ribution of sulfur i s influenced by geological ages and coal-accumulatio n dist rict s. The concept of ""weig hted reserves""i s presented in this paper , so the weighted mean content o f sulfur in Chinese coal is 1. 02 % based on coal-accumulatio n dist rict s reserves. The w eighted mean is mo re accurate than the ari thmetical mean(1. 40 %) to ref lect the dist ributio n of sulfur.",0
"The surface terms are induced in chemical thermo dynamics and kinetics , and ef fect s o f part icle sizes on combustio n and py roly sis o f co al particles are analy sed and discussed . The result s show that the particle size has obvious ef fect s o n combust ion and pyro ly sis of coal part icles in thermody namic pro perties and kinetic parameters , w hen particle si ze smaller , the ef fect s become s larg er ;w ith the particle size decreasing , the difference o f Gibbs functio n decreases , the tendencies of burning and pyro ly sis increase ,the burning point and py roly tic temperature decrease ,the spontaneous ig nit ion occures easily , as w ell as the molal surface energy increases when the part icle size decreasing , so as to the apparent activatio n energies of burning and py rolysis decrease and the rate constant increases .Co nsequently , the burning and the py roly tic rates of coal part icles accelerate , and the conve rsion rate , the combustion and the pyro ly sis ef fectivenesses o f coal par ticles increase.",2
"The fusio n characteristics of mixed ash samples and behavior o f mineral matters at high tempe ra tures w ere studied. The samples we re prepared w i th coal ashes and additives of CaO and Fe2 O3 in dif fe rent ratio. The XRD w as used to examine the changes of mineral components at dif ferent temperatures. It is show n that ,in reducing atmo sphere , fusion ag ent s can decline to the ash-mel ting point effectively , but dif ferent resul ts can be obtained fo r dif ferent coal ash. The low est ash-mel ting point can be obtained i f prope r addit ive w as mixed into coal ash ,because mine ral mat ters react w i th CaO o r Fe2O3 and produce low-melting eutectic mat ters.",2
Isothermal kinetic analy sis of NO2′s effect on Dry FGD reactio n w as developed by TGA at medium tempe ra ture(250 ℃-500 ℃). Ex perimental research show ed that NO2 in f lue gas could enhance the ef ficiency of dry FGD reaction and promote the CaSO4 in reaction products at medium temperature. It is indicated that at medium temperature the dry FGD reactio n w ith the presence of NO2 w as well matched the Av rami-Ero feev random nucleation and subsequent grow th mechanism. It w as dif ferent from the shrinkag e co re mechani sm when NO2 i s absent.,3
"On the base o f the research on oxide series and carbonate series , in this paper TG-FTIR and the device o n sulphur capture w ere exploited to investigate quali tativ e and quanti tat ive analy sis of de sulfurizatio n ef ficiency. The co als and calcium-based so rbents of ox ide series and carbonate series w ere separately blended and the ratio of calcium and sulphur w as 3∶1. The result s showed that both calcium-based so rbents of ox ide series and carbo nate series co uld pro hibi t the decompo sitio n of CaSO4 befo re 1 200 ℃. Desulfurizat ion ef ficiency of S rCO3 co uld reach 96. 7 % and desulfurization ef ficiency of BaCO3 could also reach 92. 2 % at hig h temperature.",3
"Desulfurizatio n ex periment s of high-sulfer coals were carried out by ado pt ing rhodopseudomonas spheroides and the combination f low shee t of microo rg anism pret reatmentflo atatio n. The inf luencing factors to the de sul furizatio n resul ts were mainly ex amined ,w hich include the pret reatment t ime , concent ra tion of the slurry , pH v alues , co ncent ratio n of the baci llus etc. The result s show that microo rganism-floa tatio n is a hig h ef fective desulfurization method by Rhodopseudomo nas Sphe roides. The pret reatment time ,co ncent ratio n o f the slurry and baci llus , pH v alues of the slurry have the remarkable effect s to the desulferization resul ts.",3
"The f lue gas de sulfurizatio n w as studied w i th limestone suspending liquid in a gas-liquid impinging scrubber. Several paramete rs inf luencing on desulfurizatio n ef ficiency w ere investiga ted respectively , including liquid-gas ratio L /G , pH o f ci rculant slur ry , the SO2 co ncent ration o f the inlet flue gas and the limestone mass concent ration. The result s show ed that the desulfurization n ef ficiency o ver 95 %w ere at tained at pH >6. 1 ,mS O 2 <1 657 mg /m3,low er L /G and low er limestone co ntent . 99 % can be reached in large r L /G and limesto ne concent ration. The result s in the pilo t-scale plant are ag reed wi th the lab data.",3
"Wet f lue gas desulfurization process i s commonly adopted to contro l SO2 emission f rom co al-fi red plant s. Ex periment s we re developed to investig ate the ef fect o f NOx on w et flue g as desulfurizatio n process , wi th a gas-liquid bubbling-bed reactor and NaOH so lution as absorbent , under simulated flue gas atmo sphere. The result s show ed that the desulfurization rate increased slight ly w ith the existence of NO2 and the removal rate of NO2 increased sig nif icantly wi th the existence of SO2, when the abso rbent w as alkaline ;w hen the absorbent turned acidic , the exi stence o f NO2 and SO2 decreased each othe r's remov al rate ;NO and SO2 has lit t le inf luence on each o ther's remo val rate , no matter the absorbent w as alkaline o r acidic ;The existence of NO2 had a favo rable ef fect on the fo rmation of sulfate in desulfurizatio n product s ,especially under alkaline atmosphere , w hile the ex istence of NO had a preventive effect.",2
"The fundamental research o n screen and culture of desulphurizatio n bacteria has been done fo r seeking the method o f remov al o f SO2 f rom flue g as by micro org anism. Through a series of experiment s ,5 micdesulphurizatio n st rains are selected and cultiv ated f rom soil samples pol luted by f lue g as f rom the heat and pow er plant in Zhengzho u ci ty . Their desulphurization ef ficiency has been determined and o rthog onal ex periment have been done. T he result show s that thei r desulphurization eff iciencies are o ver 80 %, and the facto r's sequence inf luencing SO2 remov al f rom f lue g as by microo rg anism is pH value >temperature>SO2 concent ration.",1
"Cellulo se residues , the acid hydroly sis residues o f discorea zingiberensis C. H. w rig ht , have brought out serio us solid w aste po llution w ithout being di sposed. Acco rding to the principle of reso urce recy cle , tw o steps activated methods w ere adapted to prepare act ivated carbon w ith chemical agent zinc chloride (ZnCl2 ) in this paper. The o pt imal process w as determined :300 ℃carbonization temperature fo r 40 mins , 600 ℃activ ated temperature for 1. 5 h ,the impreg nation ratio 4 ∶1 (the mass of ZnCl2 to that of raw material) and 12 h soaking time , 40 % ZnCl2 concentration respectiv ely . The characterizatio ns of the activ ated carbon prepared f rom the residues we re inv estig ated by the SEM , XRD and N2 adsorptio n. The adso rption ex periment s show that it can bet ter decolo ri ze diosgenin w astew ater and remo ve COD than comme rcial act ivated carbon. Therefore ,the activated carbo n prepared f rom the residues not only so lves the so lid w aste po llution but also develops an ef fective and excellent low-co st adsorbent .",0
"Lignin is very important reclaimed re source. Activ ated carbon w ere prepared f rom the mixture w hich w as made of co al and lig nin in this study . Experiment indicated that w hen the tempe ra ture o f carbonization is 800 ℃, the activated t ime is 60 minute , the speed o f rai sing temperature is 5 ℃/min-10 ℃/min , the ratio o f coal to activat ing reagent KOH is 1 ∶1-1 ∶2 , the percent of lig nin is 50 %-70 %,w e can prepare the activated carbon po ssessed of io dine o f 1 580 mg /g and a special surface area of 1 750 m2 /g . So lignin could improve the adso rpt ion pro pertacity of the pro duct , and the reason w as argued.",0
"On the basis of studying in lab scale of pro ducing active carbon in process of combination o f oxidatio n w ith KNO3 and activatio n w ith KOH by using high sulphur occurring coal as the raw material , a pilo t scale of demonst rat ion pro ceeded in a batch v olume of 8 L reacto r well desig ned has been made. The resul ts show ed that the activated ca rbon obtained has capability of adsorptio n fo r pheno l as high as 233. 34 mg /g and capability of adsorptio n for io dine as hig h as 1 405. 00 mg /g w hen condit ions fo r carbonized material preparat ion are as fo llow :ratio o f KOH to carbo n of 2. 0 to 1 , activ ated temperature o f 850 ℃, and activ ation time o f 2 h as w ell.",0
"Activated ca rbon-zeo li te composi te adsorbent s a re prepared from natural coal gang ue. The coal g ang ue impreg nated w ith K2CO3 are activ ated in the f low of N2 at 800 ℃, to convert the carbonaceous in original material into activ ated carbo n , and then the activ ated products are t reated wi th NaOH so lution , to crystallize the aluminosilicate into zeo lite 4A. The inf luences of various co ndi tions on the material sy nthe si s during the act ivatio n and cry stallizatio n are investiga ted . The pore st ructure of the adso rbent is characterized by XRD and N2 adso rption isotherm and thei r adso rpt ion abi li ties for H2O and n-C5 H14 are tested. It show s that the bo th micropo res and me soporous coexi st in compo site adsorbent and the material exhibi ts larger adso rption",0
"We have successfully modified coal tar pi tch w ith p-methyl benzaldehy de (PMB) in the presence of p-toluene sulfonic acid ,the meso phase t ransfo rmatio n o f w hich is studied in this paper. Pyro ly sis process of the modif ied coal tar pitch i s studied using FT-IR and element analysi s respectively. Polarized micro sco pe i s employ ed to study the optical st ructure of semi-coke of the mo dified pitch. The resul ts show that the absorbance of the C —H stretching is mode o f methyl and me thyne becomes w eaker w ith increase of heat t reatment temperature , w hich caused by demethy latio n and dehydrogenation of methyl and methy ne. The aromati zation deg ree becomes large as indicated by that C /H atom ratio is increasing. Mo reo ver ,the modificatio n cont ributes to a no table improvement in the o ptical tex ture o f semi-coke.",3
"Cu /Co /TiO2 catalyst s w hich a re prepared by impregnatio n method and co-precipitating impreg nat ion metho d were used as methanol sy nthesi s cataly st . They w ere mixed wi th γ-Al2O3 , H3PO4-γ-Al2O3 , TiO2-γ-Al2O3 and Hβto prepare bi-functional catalyst s. Bi-functional cataly sts w ere characterized using T PR and XRD. T he result s are show ed as fo llow ing :Cu /Co /TiO2 cataly sts prepared by co-precipitating impreg natio n method are easy reduced than Cu /Co /TiO2 cataly sts prepared by impregnatio n method. The reductio n temperature of Cu /Co /TiO2 catalyst s added dehydratio n component decrease.",0
"Effects o f coal pro pert ie s and coal py ro lysi s co ndi tions , such as temperature , pressure and py roly sis atmosphere , on the phy sical and chemical st ructure as w ell as g asification reactivi ty o f chars in the open literature have been reviewed .The mechanisms leading to the effect of py roly sis conditio ns o n char g asification reactivi ty w ere analyzed refering to another researcher s'result s .Diverse co nclusions about these ef fect s on char gasificatio n reactivi ty w ere obtained because of the dif fe rences amo ng dif ferent research jobs .But , in general , f rom most of the previo us studies i t appears that g asification reactivi ty of coal chars decreases w ith increasing py rolysi s temperature , increasing residence time ,decreasing heat ing rate and increasing py roly sis pressure , also , the differences exist in propert ies o f parent coals can ari se changes of char st ructure then the gasificatio n reactivi ty .Mo st researchers found that char st ructure became more o rdered , i .e . graphit izatio n of chars , af ter coal pyro ly sis pro cess .It has been proved that g asification react ivity",2
"Carbon dioxide is one of the major gas po llutant s f rom fossil fuel utilization w ho se concent ratio n in the atmo sphere has led to sig nif icant climate chang e. The g reenhouse issue which mainly caused by carbon dio xide has become a global concern. So ,how to di spose the carbon dio xide separated f rom cent ralized emission source became a key to cont rol the carbon dio xide concent ration in atmo sphere , and some of majo r developed co unt ries have devoted intensive ef fect s to the development of various CO2 storage technolog ie s. Different kinds of CO2 storage methods are intro duced in this pape r , including geo logical sto rag e , ter rest rial ecosy stems sto rag e , biolo gical sto rage , ocean storage and CO2 mineral sto rag e. Scientific evidences f rom nature analo gues ,laboratory ex periments and computer simulations indicated that the CO2 storage technolog ies are feasible. T his paper summarizes the review of all kinds of carbon dio xide storage technique and di scusses the advantages and disadv antages o f present researches and put forw ard the emphasis of more studies.",3
"Onion-like fullerenes(OLFs) could be prepared using dif ferent techniques f rom different carbon sources , such as carbonaceous materials (e. g. g raphite , diamond or carbon black ), organic compounds ( e. g. methane , ethane , acetylene ), carbides (e. g. SiC ) and so on. In this paper ,the advances of OLFs are review ed depending on carbon sources and methods . The development of coal-derived OLFs synthesis was mainly described. OLFs were obtained f rom coal by microwave or radio frequency plasma. The morphologies and structures of the product s were characterized by high resolution t ransmission elect ron microscopy (HRTEM). Results reveals that the particles displayed a clear polyhedral or quasi-spherical morphology with hollow center , having a narrow diameter distribution and high deg ree of graphitization. The method realized low-temperature synthesis of OLFs. The formation mechanism of coal-derived OLFs w as discussed in terms of plasma parameters and the chemical composition of coal.",2
"Significant prog ress in the development and applicat ion of new advanced carbon materials hav e been seen because coal has several posit ive at t ributes w hen it is co nsidered as a feedstock for no vel carbon mate rials .Acco rding to the li terature , the emphasis of this paper i s placed o nly on poro us carbon material , fullerens and elect ro de of li thium bat teries .The advices of coal as raw mate rials of advanced carbo n material w ere given .",0
"In this paper, w e determined the to tal sulphur co ntent s of tw o hundred a nd ninety coal samples which w ere taken f rom tw enty six provinces, municipali ties and autonomous regio ns in China. Then we analy sed the distribution o f total sulphur in coals w ith di fferent g eological ag es, dif ferent coal ranks, di fferent regio ns, di fferent coal-cumulating area s. The resul ts show tha t the coals wi th modera te to low sulphur co ntent s are prima ry in our country. The mean o f to tal sulphur content with w eight by reserves is 0. 94% . The coals with high and v ery high sulphur co ntent are mo stly f rom Carboniferous and Permian, and in the other g eolo gical ag es coals a re almost moderate a nd low sulphur content coal. The co ntent s of sulphur a re increasing by coal ra nks, which is caused by sedimentary envi ronment o f dif ferent coal-cumula ting ages. The contents o f sulphur in four coal-cumulating areas coa l hav e much dif ference, which is increasing g radually f rom no rth to south.",2
"The w eig ht lo ss cha racters of Lo ng ko u lig nite w as studied by mea ns o f thermo g ravimetric analysis in methane. The resul ts show that metha ne can 't promo te ligni te pyroly sis below 400℃, but ca n promo te lig nite pyrolysis in the rang e o f 400℃-750 ℃. The TG curv es of lig nite pyrolysis in metha ne rise after 750℃, and the w eight increases. The py rolysi s ex periment o f ligni te in methane also be ca rried to study the characteri stic of hydroca rbo n and sulfur releasing . The gas product CH4 , C2 ( ethane and ethene ) , C3 ( propa ne a nd pro pylene) , C4 H10 ( butane ) are released a t 350℃, and thei r concentration reach the maximum at 550℃. All hydrocarbons are released at 750℃. The concent ra tion of sulfur during lig nite py roly sis in na tional g as is more than in ni t rogen, which prov e that the methane promo te sulfur transfer to g as.",2
"Based o n the model test , the reg ula ri ty of Xinhe coal underg round gasification is studied to validate the stabi li ty of underg ro und gasi fica tion and the feasibili ty of producting high heat v alue gas. The result s rev eal s tha t underg round gasification of Xinhe coal w ith O2 ( 93% ) -H2O( g ) as gasifying agent could produce hig h heat v alue gas which could meet the need of the elect ric plant , but the g asificatio n technics must be changed wi th the g asificatio n wo rking face. The composi tion of g as, heat value a nd prime opera ting pa rameter in stable g asificatio n phase a re obtained that prov ide basic data fo r the designing of loca le g asificatio n stov e and the selecting o f tech nics. And the same time the g asificatio n ra te and the gasi fica tion index are obtained in this",3
"The di rect liquefaction characteristics o f Baidong coal w as systema tical ly inv estigated in a micro autoclav e at dif ferent experimental conditions. The oil products w ere analy zed by simula ted di sti llatio n. The resul ts indicate tha t wi th increasing of temperature and H2 initial pressure, the to tal conv ersion and oi l yield of the Baidong coa l, are also increasing. In the same time, the effect of tempera ture is remarkably , when the temperature is increasing f rom 420℃to 450℃, the to tal co nv ersio n and oil yield enha nce 20. 98% and 18. 78% . Wi th increasing of tempera ture and H2 ini tial pressure, the productio ns chang e regularly: the PA+ AS yield decreasing, w ater yield almo st hav ing no chang es, the CO+ CO2 , C1-C4 yield a nd H2 co nsumption increasing. Fractions yield of the middle oi l di sti llates is highest; in the liquefaction oi l occupied about 57. 5% , a nd the heavy and the lig ht oil distillates are shared for 33. 0% and 9. 5% , respectively by simulated distillation analy si s. The amount o f alky l carbons is hig her than tha t o f a ry l ca rbons.",2
"In thi s research , the bioconv ersion products hav e been o btained through the applica tio n o f cultiva tion fungis to the lig ni te coal pre-t reated wi th nit ric acid . Based on the compare son o f the v iscosi ty of coal-w ater-mix ture when additiv e is added a nd w hen it i s not. The rheolo gic behav io r o f coal-w ater-mix ture produced by bioconv ersion product s has also been researched.",0
"This paper studied the surface chymic character of the modi fied ex ting uishing coke pow der a nd the ef fect of the adsorbing catio n capabi li ty. The ex ting ui shing coke powder no t o nly has ma ny t rai ts, such as lacuna rs fabric, adsorbent v eloci ty rapidly , self-intensity g reat ly, but also is self-productio n cheapness, no quadric empoi son. The research show s that if ni t ric acid mix ed a spo t of v it riol, i ts ox yg enatio n can evidently increase the content of acidic o n the surface o f the ex ting ui shing co ke pow der. and i t also can improve the surface hydrophilicity o f the ex ting uishing co ke pow der and reduce the pHpzc value. but it has no t too inf luence to the adsorptiv e capability of the ex ting uishing coke pow der. the modi fied ex ting ui shing coke pow der has the do uble functio ns o f the ion Abelian resin and the active ca rbo n. This ex perimentatio n also checks the adsorptive condition af fects metal io n. It provides the new eco nomic and applied method o n disposing wa ter.",1
"We obtained humic acid sodium w hich moulded lig nite semi-coke used in ferroal loy pla n f rom brow n coal riching in Yunnan prov ince. We studied the fabricating method of humic acid sodium and fo rming process of lig nite semi-coke and tested streng th index es of moulded co ke of di fferent propor tioning. Resul t show s that w hen humic acid sodium i s used as g lue of lig nite semi-coke, it has goo d composi te index. Acco rding to ex periment s, all index es of moulded coke a re perfect w hen the addition of humic acid sodium is over 8% . And i t identifies the requi rement of ferroallo y furnace.",3
"The chang es of the surface morpho logy of pet ro leum coke during combustion w ere analy zed by ni trog en adso rptio n /deso rption i so therms. Speci fic surface a reas, pore v olumes a t dif ferent burn-out ratios w ere determined through BET method and t-plo t method respectiv ely. Test result s show that during combustio n the specific surface area and po re v olume increase g rea tly and have the same change trend. Behav io r characteri stics o f f ractal mechanics of the combustion n are v alidated. And the surface f ractal dimensions, w hich a re found out to be nea r 3, are also determined through FHH model , indicating tha t the combustion reactio n occure simulta neously in bo th inner and outer par t of a spatial mesh. The surface f ractal dimensio ns hav e distinct di fferent chang e t rend f rom specific surface a rea a nd pore vo lume.",1
"The combined pro cess fo r simulta neous desulfuri zatio n and dust removal is promising fo r ho t ga s cleaning because o f it s mo re compact process and low er co st . Th e understanding of desulfuri zatio n characteri stics i s the key to develop the combined processes due to the influence of deposi ted dust o n desulfurization performa nce o f sorbent s. In thi s w o rk, the interaction of sorbents wi th depo si ted dust w as investiga ted in a fix-bed reacto r. The result s show that the influence i s rela ted wi th the composi tio n a nd tex tural properties of sorbents. The so rbent based on an iro n oxide w aste material co uld interact wi th the depo sited dust causing the decrease o f sulfur capaci ty due to the v arious compo nents and la rg e po re si ze. The presence of H2O in the reactant g as could deterio ra te the desulfuri zatio n perfo rmance of so rbent, but i t could no t w ea ken the neg ative inf luence of deposi ted dust o n the sulfur capaci ty of so rbent. The sulfida tion /regeneration n cycles are further conducted to ev aluate the inf luence. It i s found that the influence became neg ligible af ter sev eral cycles. The BE T surface a rea, po re v olume and SEM surface mo rpho logy o f so rbents are also measured to investiga te the mechanisms.",3
"Compa red w ith the t radi tio nal methods of remov al SO2 f rom flue g as, the o rga nic solv ent a bsorptio n has some adva ntag es as low inv estment , hig h SO2 absorptio n ef ficiency and deso rption ef ficiency. Fo r the a pplicatio n of o rg anic so lv ent absorptio n to indust ry as soon as possible, a small pilo tscale ex periment has been do ne based o n labo ra to ry about new desulfuri zation abso rbent fo r f lue g as, The inf luence o n desulfuri za tion efficiency fo r abso rbents is studied. And th e reg eneratio n capaci ties for abso rbent are resea rched. The result show s that the selected abso rption solv ent has no t o nly stro ng desulfurizing efficiency, but also goo d selectivi ty fo r SO2 and CO2 , the feasibili ty o f desulfuri za tion abso rbent ha s been prov ed.",2
"Sev eral kinds of calcium abso rbent w ere resea rched compa ra tively , Ca(OH)2 w as selected the main sulfur-fix ation. The ef fect o f ra tio of Ca /S on the combustio n characteristic and kinetic parameter w as studied. Four kinds of addi tiv es ' ef fect o n the sulfur-fixing capabi li ty of Ca(OH)2 a nd combustio n cha racteristic and kinetic pa rameter w as compa red in the ex periment tempera ture of 1 000℃and Ca /S= 1. 5.",2
"The ex periment o n the genera tion characteristics o f SO2 in co-combustio n of rice dusk and coal was carried out in ci rculating f luidi zed bed. And the influences of tempera ture and ex cess air coef ficient on the generation characteristics o f SO2 w ere studied especially. The study show ed tha t the co-combustion o f rice dusk and co al could reduce 50% productio n of SO2 g enerated in combustion o f coal at least. There existed an o ptimum ra nge o f the ratio betw een biomass a nd co al quali ty, which wa s no mo re than 30% . The productio n o f SO2 in co-combustion increased wi th bed temperature. Howev er, the reductio n ra te of SO2 fluctuated wi th bed temperature which reached maximum a t 850℃. The variation of ex cess ai r co ef ficient inf luenced the production n of SO2 in cocombustion sligh tly.",2
"In o rde r to ra ise treat ing ef fect o f co ke p lan t w astew ater, th is ar ticle stud ied the cu lture o f the act iva ted sludge, screen ing and iso lat ion o f dom in an t m icrobe; the compa ra t ive deg rading ex perim en ts using iso lated dom inan tm icro be w ere perfo rm ed. A s a resu lt, f ivem icrobe s w e re screened. T hey a re th ree pseudom onas bac te ria, one nit robac te r bacter ium and one m icrococcus bacter ium respect ive ly. T he h ighest deg rada tion ra te o f CO D and NH3-N is 81. 1% , 51. 2% respect ive ly a fte r 48 h; and it show s tha t the g rades cu ltu re o f the act iva ted sludg e is a ve ry ef fect ive m ethod app ly ing to screen o f dom inan t m icrobe.",0
"Poly-g eneratio n energ y sy stem based on coal gasi fica tion integ rates resource, energ y a nd env iro nment , w hich wi ll be a n impo rtant pa rt o f the sustainable dev eloping energy system for China. But the complete, systemic a nd ex ter nal eva luation o f poly-g eneratio n is still lacking , and the energy saving mechanism i s not deeply recog ni zed as w ell. By int roducing mat rix mode thermo-eco nomic method, the energ y f low s w ith dif ferent quali ties in dif ferent part s o f system are rational ly fixed prices. The ca lculated elect rici ty cost is 0. 286 y uan /( kW·h ) and the methano l cost i s 926 yua n / t. Al so some indicators like co st dif ference a nd ex erg y eco nomic coefficient of subsystems in poly-genera tion sy stem and single system a re compared, w hich defini te the source o f benefi t and point out the direction for further improvement.",2
"Co al porosi ty and surface area will be chang ed during the thermo conv ersion of coal, such as coal g asificatio n a nd coal combustion. Understanding o f pore st ructure and reactivity i s essential for the utilization of coal. In the paper, the co rrelatio n between po re st ructure a nd reactivity o f coal is di scussed from three aspects: coal po ro sity measurement , po re structure cha nges during reactio n and pore st ructure models. The prospect of research and dev elo pment is also put fo rwa rd, that i s, further resea rch should be focused on uni fied theo ry of coa l reactivi ty and po re structure, and the influence of cataly sts in po re st ructure.",2
"Ent rained-bed coal gasification is the key techno logy o f high ef ficiency a nd clea n utili zatio n of coal in China. Its basic cha racteristic and main af fecting facto rs are brief ly int roduced. Tw o representativ e ent rained-bed coal gasification techno logies, Texaco of co al w ater slurry gasi fica tion a nd Shel l o f dry pulverized-coal gasification, are focused, a nd thei r adv antages and existed problems are also discussed. Based o n the current sta te of co al gasi fica tion technolo gy and i ts commercial o peratio n in China , the dev elopment st rateg y fo r future w as giv en fo rw ard.",0
"Basic thermodynamic pro perties of coal liquefied oil w ere analyzed, wi th measuring metho ds and some cor relations about basic thermody namic properties of pet roleum, measuring methods and co rrela tio ns about basic thermody namic pro perties o f coal liquefied oil w ere studied. The mea surement of v apor pressure, calculating of v apo r-liquid phase equi librium constant a nd apprai sing calcula ting pro cess of vaporization enthalpy of coal liquefied oi l w ere detai ledly discussed. Finally, the best w ay of mea suring these pro perties was obtained. In addi tio n, appraising calcula ting o f cri tical pro perties o f coal liquefied oil f ractions w ere simply o utlined.",3
"The component s o f crude oi l f rom F-T sy nthesi s bo th at home a nd abroad are int roduced. Compa red wi th crude pet ro leum, F-T sy nthetic crude oi l mainly has pa raffin a nd alkene, containing few cyclopa raf fin and a rene, wi th ex t remely low sulfur and ni t ro gen. Based on the proper ty o f F-T synthetic crude oil , the market demand of co rrela tiv e pro ducts a nd the national need, and co nsidering the effect of productio n scale on the eco nomic benefi t, the upg rading-process i s proposed in o rder to increase eco nomic benefi t and to proper industriali zed dev elo pment fo r coal-ba sed sy nfuel.",3
"Par ticulate mat ters, especially soo t particles fo rmatio n through incomplete combustion o f hydroca rbons is an impo rta nt pro blem w hich has increasing ly been paid much attention by all count ries th roug hout the wo rld. Nowadays, mo st of the researches are abo ut how to co nt rol the particles af ter the combustio n but barely about how to cont rol them during the combustion. This paper presents sev eral impo rta nt facto rs that af fect the particles formatio n in f lames wi th the applied elect ric field and giv es a rev iew abo ut the resea rches o n the soo t pa rticle fo rmatio n, g row th a nd removing in flames wi th the applied electric field a nd the sta tus of the interna tional research. The paper show s that wi th the applied electric field, the mass concentration o f the soo t pa rticles in f lame can be turned dow n abo ut 90% at most and wi th the addi tio n of cataly st the particles can be turned into nanotubes. Finally, the empha si s and di rectio ns fo r nex t study had been summari zed a t the end o f this pa per.",2
