text,label
"Three high-sodium Zhundong coals have been experimentally studied by system of tube furnace and inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometer. The occurrence mode and evaporation of sodium are the key research topics. The results indicate that the sodium existing in the typical Zhundong coals is mainly in the form of water-soluble sodium and acid-soluble sodium. Sodium occurrence mode has a great influence on the transformation of sodium. Soluble sodium mainly volatilizes into gas phase during combustion, and the more sodium coal contains, the more sodium volatilizes. Most of sodium has volatilized below 1 000 ℃, and the higher temperature, the higher volatilize rate of sodium under various temperatures. There are signs that sodium volatilizes in abundance at short temperature range, and the more water-soluble sodium content is, the more obvious this surge phenomenon is.",1
"Oxidation and spontaneous combustion of coal could be controlled by restraining coal chemical adsorption O2, because the initial stage of coal oxidation is the process of coal chemical adsorption O2. Using the Gaussian 03 program, the mechanism of interaction of Zn2+ and α-aldehyde structure in coal is studied by using density functional theory (DFT) method at the B3LYP/6-31G (d, p) level. And the restraining oxidation effect of Zn2+ on α-aldehyde structure in coal is characterized by activation energy to provide base for studying technology of inhibition coal spontaneous combustion. The results show that sp0.02d0.02 orbital of Zn2+ and sp12.20d0.01 orbital of 20O atom in C10H7CHO structure hybridize forming σZn-O coordinate-covalent bond, its second order energy is 131.84 kJ/mol. When C10H7CHO structure is being oxidized, the first step is that O2 is adsorbed physically onto —CHO group to form complex I, and release heat 30.86 kJ/mol. Secondly, O2 is adsorbed chemically onto it by chemical action of the molecules in complex I. The activation energy is Ea=66.87 kJ/mol during the whole process. After forming [ZnOHCC10H7]2+ coordination complex by α-aldehyde structure in coal with Zn2+, the heat released by —CHO group physically adsorbing O2 is decreased 19.38 kJ/mol, and the activation energy of chemical adsorption is increased 52.34 kJ/mol. Consequently, we can get the conclusion easily that inhibition effect of Zn2+ on α-aldehyde structure in coal is particularly noticeable.",0
"Two low rank coals were dewatered and upgraded by hydrothermal dewatering process in this article. Water concentration of the upgraded coals decreased a lot, while the fixed carbon content and heat value increased. The pyrolysis characteristics curves of upgraded coals were delayed towards the high temperature region. The pyrolysis start temperature increased and the maximum mass loss rate of upgraded Zhaotong coal and Zhundong coal present a different variation trend through hydrothermal dewatering. The mass loss of both Zhaotong coal and Zhundong coal decreased along with the increasing hydrothermal dewatering temperature. The pyrolysis characteristics analysis was also conducted on deashed low rank coals. Results indicated that the deashed process could increase the mass loss rate of pyrolysis effectively and the main effect of hydrothermal dewatering process was to reduce the active component of low rank coals and narrow the mass loss peak of low rank coals.",1
"To understand the fuel consumption in the coal storage yards of coal-fired power plant better, experimental studies on the oxidation characteristics of lignite storage were carried out both in coal and laboratory. The field experimental results showed that the coal quality changed a lot with the storage time increased, which turns out to be less calorific value and moisture, more ash, and smaller average particle size for the decreasing of large particle and increasing of small particle. The experimental results also showed that with the increasing of laboratory lignite storage time, the trend of TG curve was consistent with the field testing results, while the DTG curve shifted to low temperature which results to a higher weight loss peak, the corresponding kinetic parameters, activation energy E decreased while frequency factor A increased. The laboratory experiment results were consistent with the field test results.",1
"The pyrolysis processes of lignite at 1 000 K-2 000 K were studied using ReaxFF molecular dynamics simulations. The effects of temperature on the product distributions were analyzed. The elementary reactions of sulfur transfer in thiophene, thiophenol and thioether structures, as well as the sulfur forms existed in pyrolysis products were searched. It was determined that the sulfur atom compositions in pyrolysis products were dependent on temperature. At high temperatures, escaping of sulfur atoms from lignite was inhibited. In the pyrolysis process, sulfur atoms in thiophene, thiophenol and thioether structures transferred to each other by the reactive intermediates of sulfur radicals. Most of sulfur atoms existed in thiophene and thioether forms in the final products of pyrolysis.",1
"Fugu bituminous coal was pyrolyzed with hot boiler ash from a circulating flui-dized bed as solid heat carrier. The effect of pyrolysis temperature (470 ℃-630 ℃) on the yield and properties of products were investigated. The distribution of sulfur and nitrogen from the raw coal into products were analyzed. The results showed that with increasing pyrolysis temperature, the yield of char decreased, the yield of gas increased from 0.97% to 5.44%, the yield of tar increased from 1.96% to 8.07%. The content of light-oil in the tar accounted more than 80% and decreased with the increase of pyrolysis temperature. The ash melting point of char-ash is higher than 1 000 ℃. After pyrolysis of coal, about 70% of sulfur was distributed into char, while about 90% of nitrogen was distributed into char.",1
"The pyrolysis experiments of the raw coals and the treated coals were conducted in a chamber electric furnace. The emission regularity of the sodium in the raw coals and the treated coals were determined. And the effect of colloid additive on the emission regularity was also determined. The results show that the emission of sodium increases with the increasing temperature. The emission of sodium mainly take place in the temperature range of 700 ℃-900 ℃. Adding appropriate amount of silica sol can decrease the emission of sodium effectively. However, adding aluminum sol can promote the emission of sodium, and the emission of sodium increases with the increasing adding proportion.",1
"The co-gasification characteristics of PRB coal and a type of biomass (American bamboo willow) were studied in an atmospheric fluidized bed gasification system with the scale of 1 kg/h at the temperature of 850 ℃, 900 ℃ and 950 ℃, under the conditions of oxygen and carbon ratio being 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, 1.3 and 1.4, and the ratio of biomass to the total mixture being 20% and 40%. The results showed that with the increase of temperature, the content of H2 gradually increased, while the content of CO, CH4 and QHHV (syngas heating value) gradually reduced, the production of synthetic gas and carbon conversion increased considerably. With the increase of n(O)∶n(C), the content of CO, H2, CH4 and QHHV decreased, the synthetic gas yield and carbon conversion increased. With the increase of biomass ratio, the content of CO, H2 and CH4 decreased firstly and increased soon afterwards, QHHV increased more, and the synthetic gas yield and carbon conversion increased. The amount of soot is higher at the condition of n(O)∶n(C) being 1 than that under the condition of n(O)∶n(C) being 1.3.",0
"Carbon deposition characteristics of Fe-based oxygen carriers under different temperatures (650 ℃, 750 ℃, 850 ℃, 950 ℃) and different atmospheres (CH4, CO+H2) in the chemical-looping combustion process are studied in a bench scale fluidized bed. In addition, the effects of water vapor and CO2 on carbon deposition characteristics are also studied. Experimental results show that carbon deposition of Fe-based oxygen carriers is observed under both CH4 and CO+H2 atmospheres. The amount of carbon deposits is smaller under CO+H2 atmosphere than that under CH4 atmosphere. The amount of carbon deposits reduces with the increase in temperature and the minimum amount appears at the temperature of 850 ℃ under CO+H2 atmosphere. Carbon deposition can be restrained by the addition of water vapor and CO2 with the effect of water vapor apparently better than CO2.",0
"To study the properties of two direct coal derived liquefaction initial product , the true boiling point (TBP) curve and 17 narrow fractions were obtained using the TBP distillation apparatus, and density, recative molecular mass, elemental composition and the critical property of narrow fractions were investigated. The results showed that the difference between fractional compositions of two coal derived liquefaction initial product is small. Meanwhile, the differences between relative molecular mass, density, and elemental composition of narrow fractions in two samples are both small. At last, the critical properties of two products calculated by Riazi-Daubert method are similar, and showed the same trend that the critical temperature and critical volume increased and the critical pressure decreased with cut temperature.",1
"In direct liquefaction the gas-phase product of Wucaiwan coal (WCW) and its individual macerals (vitrinite:WCWV, inertinite:WCWI) was analyzed. The direct liquefaction reaction was investigated in 0.05 L microautoclave, meanwhile the composition of the gaseous products was analyzed by gas chromatography. At 380 ℃, the order of gas yield is: WCWV>WCWI>WCW; at 420 ℃, the order of gas yield is: WCWV>WCW>WCWI. For the three samples, the content of C1-C4 and COx varied differently with the temperature increased in the liquefaction process. For WCW, the content of C1-C4 and COx increased apparently with temperature increased, for WCWI, the content increased slightly, for WCWV, the content showed a decreasing behaviour. The distribution of liquefied gas products was studied, hydrocarbons gas content order is: CH4>C2H6>C3H8>C4H10, among them, CH4 and C2H6 gas accounts for about 67% and 22%, the total content of C1-C4 gas is about three times of COx gas; the content of CO2 reach up to 69% in COx gas. Gas phase product generally presents rich alkanes, rich methane and rich carbon dioxide.",3
"Long flame coal and its pyrolysis blue-coke are used to prepare briquettes based on several kinds of binders, and the forming mechanism of briquettes was studied by XRD and SEM. The results showed that the best optimum formula for AB composite binder is following: while the added amount is 11% and the mass ratio of A and B is 5∶3, corresponding briquette has high strength and waterproofing. The composite binder convert into hydration phase C, which can stably existence and closely combine with the coal or blue-coke particles and further make briquette possess higher strength. Moreover, there are more C and better combination between C and those particles in the blue-coke briquette than long flame briquette, which result in the higher strength of the former than the latter.",2
"Removal of quinoline-insolubles in high temperature coal tar by solvent-sedimentation with xylene and solvent oil as solvent was analyzed. The effects of the ratio of aromatic hydrocarbon and aliphatic hydrocarbon, solvent ratio, sedimentation time and sedimentation temperature on the QI content and the yield of refined coal tar were investigated. The results show that the higher sedimentation temperature and the longer sedimentation time is conducive to QI removal within a certain range; the yield of refined coal tar increased and the QI content decreased firstly and then increased with the ratio of aromatic hydrocarbon and aliphatic hydrocarbon increased; the QI content decreased and the yield of refined coal tar increased firstly and then decreased with the solvent ratio increased. When the solvent ratio is 1, the ratio of aromatic hydrocarbon and aliphatic hydrocarbon is 0.6, sedimentation 2 h at 75 ℃, the yield of tar can reached 75.48%, the separation of QI can reached 87.7%, the QI content is reduced to 0.178%.",1
"Phenolic resin was used as the modifier and the method of blending was used to modify coal tar pitch. The pyrolysis characteristics of coal tar pitch modified with different blending ratio were investigated by TG-FTIR. The results show that with the increase of the content of phenolic resin, n(H)∶n(C) in the modified coal tar pitch decreases gradually, and the intensity of the transmission peak at 2 953 cm-1 (—CH3) and 2 924 cm-1 (—CH2—) is gradually decreased; while the intensity of the transmission peak at 1 512 cm-1 (benzene ring CC) ,1 232 cm-1 (aromatic ether bond =C—O—C) and 1 101 cm-1 (aliphatic ether =C—O—C) gradually increased; the initial weight loss temperature of modified coal tar pitch increases gradually and the maximum weight loss rate decreases gradually; the content of the volatile matter in the modified coal tar pitch is separated from the wide temperature range, and the actual weight loss rate of the modified coal tar pitch is more than the theoretical weight loss rate. The phenolic resin and coal tar pitch were cross-linked, the addition of phenolic resin decreased the release amount of aromatic hydrocarbons, aliphatic hydrocarbons and CH4, and the precipitation of the volatile products occurred in a wider range of pyrolysis temperature, and the release amount of aromatic hydrocarbons and CH4 is extended from low temperature to high temperature.",2
"The basic properties of light and heavy oil of Shaanxi Shenmu low temperature coal tar were determined. The coal tar was cut into four fractions of <220 ℃, 220 ℃-260 ℃, 260 ℃-300 ℃ and >300 ℃ by atmospheric distillation. The extraction of phenol from three fractions of <220 ℃, 220 ℃-260 ℃ and 260 ℃-300 ℃ was studied with the method of acid and alkali, and total phenol content and minimum soda-oil ratio was determined. The optimum soda washed conditions was determined by orthogonal experiment, and under optimal conditions, the total yield of phenol of light oil fraction segments corresponding 92.23%, 89.99% and 87.91%; heavy oil fraction segments corresponding to a yield of 94.60% of total phenols, 91.88% and 90.73%. The properties of phenol formaldehyde resin synthesized by the mixture was studied, and phenol resin of light and heavy oil’s viscosity and solid content were 3.18 Pa·s, 3.73 Pa·s and 79.39%, 82.15%.",3
"Granular activated carbon was made from Ningxia Lingwu bituminous coal, Guizhou lean coal, bagasse char and additives in this study. An orthogonal experiment method was employed to research the optimum preparation conditions. The effect of coal type, blending ratio of coal and additives on caramel decolorizing rate of the resulted activated carbon was studied. The results show that the optimum conditions are as following: the ratio of Ningxia Lingwu coal to Guizhou coal 8∶2, the bagasse char proportion 20%, the ammonium polyphosphate proportion 8%, the proportion of Na3PO4 1%, the carbonization temperature 550 ℃, the activation temperature 930 ℃, the burn-off rate 70%, at which the granular activated carbon is 97.1% in caramel decolorization rate, 0.37 cm3/g in micropore volume, 0.28 cm3/g in mesopore volume, 0.068 cm3/g in the pore volume between 2.6 nm-4.8 nm, and 2.81 nm in average pore diameter respectively. Pore structure analysis show that the micropore is negative to adsorb pigments in the sugar, the mesopore is helpful to improve the decolorization performance, and the pore volume between 2.6 nm-4.8 nm has significant effect on decolorization.",1
"Xinjiang coal was used to prepare porous carbon directly through one-step steam activation. The effects of activation time and particle sizes of the raw material on the activation process were investigated. Meanwhile, the effect of removing ash before and after activation was compared. The results show that the specific surface area of the activated carbon can reach 1 300 m2/g with a high yield of 30% at the optimal activation time of 120 min and particle sizes of raw materials in the range of 150 μm-180 μm. It’s suitable for removal of ash after activation. The capacitive performance of the resulting porous carbon was evaluated as electrodes in supercapacitor. In 6 mol/L KOH electrolyte, the capacitance of 149 F/g can be obtained in a three-electrode system. The assembled supercapacitor cell presents superb cycle stability and almost no capacitance decay is observed after a consecutive 30 000 cycles.",1
"Blue-coke/polyaniline composite material, which exhibits the double layer capacitance and pseudocapacitance properties, was synthesized after vacuum heat treatment and acid-base deashing respectively and through initiating the in-situ polymerization of aniline in the pores or on the surface of blue-coke. FTIR, proximate analysis of blue-coke, conductivity and capacitance tests showed that the weak interaction between blue-coke and small molecule organic compounds can be destroyed, small molecule organic compounds was removed and specific capacitance of blue-coke/polyaniline was enhanced effectively when vacuum heat treatment at low temperature. The specific capacitance and the energy density of blue-coke/polyaniline can increased to 169.4 F/g and 24.1 Wh/kg. The wettability of aniline and specific capacitance was reduced and interfacial interaction between polyaniline and blue-coke was weaken when deashing treatment of blue-coke.",1
"X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was used to analyze the nitrogen and sulfur occurrence of Shenmu coal and Shenmu char. Gaseous products in combustion of Shenmu coal and Shenmu char were studied with online thermogravimetry-mass spectrum (TG-MS) system by equivalent characteristic spectrum analysis (ECSA). The nitrogen morphology in Shenmu coal and Shenmu char is in the following descending order: N-5, N-6, N-Q and N-X.NH3 and HCN are detected out as the major precursors of NOx, while the volume of HCN is larger than that of NH3 for both Shenmu coal and Shenmu char. NO and NO2 emissions are lower for Shenmu char than those of Shenmu coal. The sulfur morphology in Shenmu coal and Shenmu char is in the following descending order: S1, S2 and S3. H2S and COS are detected out as the major precursors of SO2 in combustion of Shenmu coal. COS and SO2 are not detected out in the combustion of Shenmu char. Nitrogen and sulfur-containing gases are released earlier for Shenmu coal than that for Shenmu char, and the volumetric flow rates are much greater for Shenmu coal than that for Shenmu char.",1
"Desulfurization of Wuhai coal was carried out by microwave combined with sodium hydroxide solution. By the orthogonal experiment, the best desulfurization condition was ascertained, and the effect factors of desulfurization such as coal particle size, concentration of sodium hydroxide solution, microwave irradiation time and irradiation power were investigated. What’s more, the desulfurization mechanism with this method was also analyzed. Through the comparative analysis to the spectrum of SEM, XRD and FTIR, the coal properties before and after the experiment were researched. The results indicated that sulfur of Wuhai coal can be removed off 29.53% by microwave in sodium hydroxide solution, and the coal matrix have no significant changes. What’s more, the microwave dielectric response of solid mixtures were measured with different concentration of sodium hydroxide solution, and the effect of electric field to organic sulfur molecule was simulated and calculated by the software-materials studio.",1
"The low rank coals before and after low temperature drying process were characterized using Fourier-transform infrared spectrometer. Variations in the main functional groups of the low rank coals before and after the drying process were analyzed based on the curve-fitting analysis. It was found that the aliphatic hydrocarbons in the coals after the drying process disappear gradually with the increasing drying temperature. Compared with the methyl groups, the methylene groups with higher activity were preferably oxidized in the low temperature drying process. The main oxygen functional groups containing the carboxyl groups, hydroxyl groups, carbonyl groups and ethers decrease with the increasing drying temperature. The carboxyl groups decrease quickly with the increasing drying temperature and the carbonyl groups are more stable than the other functional groups. The aromatic C=C groups of Yimin (YM) coal decompose at 230 ℃. While, the aromatic C=C groups of Tianchinengyuan (TC) coal decompose at 190 ℃. It can be deduced that the metamorphic grade of low rank coal increases with the increasing temperature during the drying process, which improve the coal rank to some extent.",1
"Hypercoal was extracted by NMP at 380 ℃ from lignite, long flame coal, gas coal and fat coal. The structural changes of hypercoal were characterized by means of ultimate analysis, FTIR, TG and the classified extraction test at room temperature. The effect of coal rank on the thermoplasticity of hypercoal was studied by TG and Gieseler fluidity test. The results showed that, compared to raw coal, there is more hydrocarbons in hypercoal, so it has better thermoplasticity and caking ability. The caking index of hypercoal from non-caking coal can reach 90 or more. With the increase of raw coal rank, the aliphatic hydrocarbons and oxygen-containing materials in hypercoal reduced, aromatics increased, average molecular weight get larger, weight loss reduced. Blending hypercoal which prepared from low rank coal into Tangshan 1/3 coke coal, the softening point of mixed coal reduced, and the thermoplasticity of mixed coal improved with the rise of coal rank of hypercoal.",1
"Based on the principle of “similarity”, ultrasonic microwave synergistic extractions of different metamorphic degree raw coal and tectonic coal were conducted using chloroform as a solvent, and Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy(FTIR), chromatography column chromatography and mass spectrometry (GC-MS)methods were applied to analyze the structure and composition of extracts. The results reveal that: as the increase of coal metamorphism degree, raw coal extraction rate is less than tectonic coal as a whole, the raw coal extraction rate showed a trend of decrease, and the tectonic coal extraction rate increased, which mainly depends on the change in the evolution process of coal body structure. The dissolution behavior of extracts presents stage and explosive, fatty substances is particularly evident, which has a relationship with the occurrence of small molecules from different metamorphic degree tectonic coal. Chromatography mass spectrometry and infrared spectroscopy consistent predictable results, the extraction yield of aliphatic hydrocarbons is much higher than that of aromatic hydrocarbons. At the same time, the cause of coal-formed hydrocarbon are discussed by the microscopic theory of hydrocarbon generation and chemical kinetics theory, and the chromatographic theory describes the migration of hydrocarbons.",1
"Based on the fragmentation model of single particle pulverized coal, the method for characterizing fragmentation level by using fragmentation ratio was proposed. The first-step fragmentation in pyrolysis process was studied by simulation with setting outside-in circles in the cross-section. Therefore, the mesh of model was also drawn according to the concentric circles. It is found that the diameter of coal particle is a key influence factor for its fragmentation. The smaller the diameter is, the bigger the specific surface area becomes; the higher pressure with the same swelling stress is, the more obvious fragmentation behavior appears. The swelling stress in pyrolysis process becomes higher with the increase of volatile content. Meanwhile, the void ratio also increases because of the separation of gaseous volatile from the wall of coal, which reduces the yield strength of coal particle and makes the fragmentation easier. The temperature gradient in the initial step enlarges with the increase of combustion temperature. Hence, the devolatilization becomes faster and the swelling stress increases, which makes the fragmentation happen.",2
"The infrared spectroscopy and isothermal heating pyrolysis experiment were performed to study the main molecular structure and pyrolysis characteristics of Dongsheng and Yallourn lignite. The main work was done to investigate the influence of pyrolysis temperature on pyrolysis gas composition, gas yield and gas heating value. The results show that both lignites had abundant aliphatic hydrocar structure and oxygen containing functional groups. The content of CO and H2 increase gradually with the increasing of pyrolysis temperature, and CO2 content of gas reducing dramatically. The calorific value and yield of the gas increased accordingly. During the pyrolysis, Dongsheng lignite have a higher yield of H2, and it is more suitable as raw material for hydrogen production.Under the same temperature, the calorific value of pyrolysis gas obtained from isothermal heating is higher than that of programmed temperature.",1
"This paper builds a new calculation model adapted for underground coal gasification (UCG) process, which is based on comprehensive calculation method that divides the UCG process into carbonization and gasification, combines with the related theories of calculation method of reaction equilibrium, introduces the equilibrium constant equations of CO2 reduction and the reaction of carbon with steam, and considers the particularly factors influence of UCG process including methane emission, groundwater permeation, mining rate of working face, gasifier drainage, heat transfer of surrounding rock and gas leakage. The model is used for simulating calculation of Huating UCG field experiments, and the results are compared with measured data, which reflect the vast majority of relative errors between the theoretical value and measured value are less than 5%, showing high accuracy. This model could be used for prophase research of UCG projects, to provide scientific reference for design and selection of relevant technological parameters.",1
"The feed of Shenhua direct coal liquefaction solvent hydrotreatment unit was used as the hydrotreatment feedstock in this experiment. The activity evaluation of hydrotreatment catalysts for direct coal liquefaction oil hydrotreatment was carried out in the 300 mL fixed bed reactor unit. The results show that compared with the imported catalyset (HTS-358), the domestic catalyst (FFT-1B) has obvious advantages in reducing the density and nitrogen content of the hydrogenated oil and improving the hydrogen-donating ability of the solvent oil. Hydrogen consumption to use the domestic catalyst is 0.2%(mass fraction) higher than that to use the imported catalyst. The cracking activity of the domestic catalyst is lower than that of the imported catalyst. Hydrogenation active metals content in the domestic catalyst are 20% higher than that in the imported catalyst.",3
"The catalytic hydrogenation experiment on direct coal liquefaction (DCL) oil was carried out in a fixed-bed reactor using Ni-W/γ-Al2O3 catalyst, which aims to investigate the effects of reaction temperature and hydrogen pressure on the distribution of gas and liquid products. The results showed that the contents of hydroaromatics and alkanes increased with the raising of temperature. When the temperature was over 500 ℃, methane and ethane contents increased sharply which indicated drastic crack reaction occurred under the condition. The hydroaromatics increased with increasing reaction pressure, while the increase was alleviated when the pressure was over 4 MPa. The methane content increased with higher pressure. The analysis of distillates and elements of the feed oil and liquid products (300 ℃, 4 MPa) indicated that the volume fraction of light oil increased from 11% to 17%; the catalyst activities of HDN, HDS and HDO were 35.56%, 72.73% and 24.20%, respectively. The n(H)∶n(C) in the liquid oil was increased from 1.37 to 1.52.",3
"Powdered blue-coke as the main raw material, chunks of coal briquette were made by stamping methods with addition of adhesion bituminous coal and binder, and then made into formed coke in the tunnel kiln carbonizing. The formed coke was used as the main raw material in cupola smelting iron. Experimental results show that: the Shenmu powdered blue-coke as the main raw material obtained good dropping strength, 97.0% and 97.0%; the formed coke via a tunnel kiln carbonizing had dropping strength (91.0% and 93.5%), fixed carbon content (86.5% and 88.2%), calorific value (22.77 kJ/g and 27.81 kJ/g); and when it was used in cupola, the pressure reduced, breathability significantly improved, melting temperature of hot metal reached 1 421 ℃ and 1 418 ℃, good effect of smelting iron was obtained, which met the casting requirements fully.",1
"Lignite blue coke powder from Xinjiang Hami Sandaoling was formed with composite binder to prepare molding metellurgical coke. The components ratio of blinder for formed coke was optimized by measuring the cold and thermal strength of the products. The effects of temperature and pressure on the compressive strength were investigated and the surface morphologies of the formed coke at different carbonization temperatures were studied by SEM. The results indicated that the optimum composition of the binder was 3.65% starch, 2.81% pitch, 0.33% organic calcium, 0.49% Fe2O3, 34% water. The compressive strength of formed coke increased with increasing pressure during briquetting. With the increase of temperature, the compressive strength of formed coke reduced significantly at 300 ℃-500 ℃, while then increased at 500 ℃-900 ℃. The strength at low temperature mainly came from physical interactions such as van der Waals forces and  electrostatic force, with the increase of temperature, the bridge bonding formed by pyrolysis of starch and pitch was the main reason. As temperature increased over 500 ℃, the compressive strength was enhanced by the bonding reaction from organic calcium and Fe2O3 with char particles.",2
"This paper introduces the application and performance optimization of low-nitrogen combustion technology in nitro oxides(NOx) emissions control for a lean-coal fired 300 MW tangentially fired boiler. Effects of the combination of low-nitrogen burner, air-staged combustion technology and tertiary air down-operating technology on the control of NOx emissions are studied. The experimental results indicate that after the retrofit on the combustion system by the application of new type low-nitrogen burner together with air-staged combustion and tertiary air down-operating, the NOx emission concentration at the entry of SCR-denitration system can be lowed to around 460 mg/m3 (O2=6% O2, dry) from 1 100 mg/m3 (O2=6% O2, dry). The NOx emission concentration drops by more than 50% averagely, which proves that the retrofit is effective. The retrofit solution and experimental results can be taken as a reference for the low NOx retrofit and performance optimization of lean coal-fired boilers.",0
"The purified pitch whose ash content lower than 0.03% was prepared by solvent method with medium temperature coal pitch as raw material, aromatic hydrocarbons and alkane as solvent, the spinning asphalt which softening point was 250 ℃ was prepared using methods of the air purge, high temperature thermal polycondensation and blown film evaporation; the softening point, isotropy, the microstructure morphology of the carbon fiber was characterized. Using polarization microscope, heating stage ,scanning electron microscope (SEM), the effect of aromatic hydrocarbons and alkane ratio, temperature and time on preparing purified pitch, and the effect of temperature, air purging on isotropy of pitch after polymerization were studied. The results showed that the aromatic hydrocarbons and alkane ratio, subsidence temperature and time had great influenced on the purification of pitch, and air purge to a certain extent could improve the molecular weight of asphalt, guarantee the production rate of pitch, temperature control under 360 ℃ would prevent the formation of mesophase.",2
"The humic acid(HA) extraction experiment was carried out with three regions lignite of Zhaotong(ZT), Xiaolongtan(XLT) and Xianfeng(XF) as raw material. Factors such as content of humic acid in coal sample, yield of humic acid product and quality were the analytical indicators to investigate the adaptability of lignite. Comprehensive evaluation was conducted by the proximate analysis and content of oxygen-containing functional group. The experimental results showed that yield of humic acid of three kinds of lignite were 76.13%, 47.61% and 43.48%, respectively; and the proximate analysis indicated that the ash yield(16.83%) of humic acid product of Zhaotong lignite was relatively higher than the other two, which the ash yield was 6.66% and 4.63%, respectively. For the oxygen-containing functional group in humic acid product, especially for the content of total acid group and carboxyl group, there was less difference among three kinds of lignite. But the content of functional group in extraction residue of Zhaotong lignite was far less than that in extraction residue of Xiaolongtan lignite and Xianfeng lignite, which meaned Zhaotong lignite was suitable for humic acid extraction.",0
"In this study, char supported Fe-based sorbents were prepared by ultrasonic assisted co-precipitation method, the desulfurization and regeneration performance of the char supported sorbents were investigated in a fixed-bed quartz reactor, and the crystal phases, functional groups of fresh sorbents and the sorbents before and after regeneration were analyzed by X-ray diffraction (XRD) and Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectrometry. The results showed that the char supported Fe-Zn-Cu sorbent had the best performance during desulfurization and regeneration. The addition of Zn and Cu significantly improved the desulfurization performance. The sorbents which were regenerated by steam showed good stability and maintained good desulfurization performance after several sulfidation-regeneration cycles.",3
"In this paper, the fast pyrolysis of Inner Mongolia Yangshita bituminous coal with circulating ash as the solid heat carrier was carried out in a bench scale reactor, and the effects of the pyrolysis temperature on nitrogen distribution in products were investigated. The results showed that the nitrogen in coal was released into the gas phase only in the form of NH3 and HCN at the range of 530 ℃-660 ℃, and no N2 was detected. The circulating ashes had no obvious catalytic effects on the cracking of nitrogen heterocyclics in tar and char, but it could fix part of NH3 and HCN released during pyrolysis in ash. Comparing with the inert heat carrier, the yields of HCN-N and NH3-N decreased by 24.53% and 29.86% when the coal was pyrolyzed at 600 ℃ using circulating ash as heat carrier. Furthermore, the main influencing factors in circulating ash were also investigated by adding the alkaline earth metals into the inert quartz sand.",1
"In this paper, a kind of Ningxia paper making sludge and coal mixture with different ratios was investigated. Thermal analysis coupled with mass spectrometry was used for the characterization of samples and identified the volatiles evolved during the heating of the sample up to 1 000 ℃ under combustion condition. The transformation of eight kinds of heavy metals(Pb, Cr, Cu, Zn, Ni, Mn, Hg and As) also investigated by atomic absorption spectrometer and atomcic fluorescence spectrometer, respectively. The results show that the paper making sludge and coal mixture burning stability, the amount of heavy metals in the ash after burning in line with GB 4284-1984, will not cause secondary pollution to soil and water conservation. Part of heavy metals migrate in the flue gas during combustion, therefore should adopt the way of adsorption and dust removal combination to deal with flue gas, avoid atmospheric pollution during the recycling of the sludge.",1
"The Mn-Ce/TiO2 monolithic honeycomb catalyst was prepared by sol-gel method. We explored the effect of different process conditions on the catalytic activity of Mn-Ce/TiO2 catalyst when it was applied in removing of NOx in flue gas. The experimental results indicated that the catalytic activities of catalyst were significantly affected by the high volume fraction of NO, space velocity ratio and O2 volume fraction. Transient response experiment showed that the NO react with strong adsorption of NH3 in the form of gas or a few weak adsorption state. Oxygen played an important role in SCR process and promoted the generation of surface chemisorptions oxygen. O2 not only promoted the surface oxygen generation on the catalyst, complemented lattice oxygen, but also promoted the adsorption of NO.",2
"Taken lean coal of Huoerxinhe coalmine in Shanxi as object, coal samples are extracted by different solvent using the way of solvent extraction. The extracts and residues are analyzed by column chromatography and X-ray diffraction(XRD) respectively. The results show that the highest extraction rate is by tetrahydrofuran(THF), next is by carbon disulfide(CS2), acetone and ethanol, the lowest extraction rate is by benzene. Except the extract of CS2, the content of total hydrocarbon is higher than the content of non-hydrocarbon in the extract of other solvents. Meanwhile, as the effect of extraction enhances, the mass fraction of non-hydrocarbon compound increases. After solvents extraction, the value of the aromatic lamellae spacing(d002),  stack height (Lc) and layer numbers (N) in the basic structure units of residues increase, but the value of the diameter (La) of residues decrease compared with microcrystalline structure parameters of the unextracted coal.",1
"Thermal expansion property of three lignites were determined using static thermo-mechanical analysis (TMA), and the effect of coal characteristics on thermal expansion property was analyzed. The influence of different loading ways of force, temperature, coal characteristics on the fragmentation behavior, and correlation between thermal expansion and fragmentation were researched through roller drying experiments. The results show that the thermal expansion property varies among three lignites, maximum expansion and shrinkage was positively related to raw coal moisture.In drying process, coupling loading way of thermal and mechanical force produced a synergistic effect than single loading way, thermal force caused the evolution of pore and crack structure, mechanical strength of particle was reduced, and external mechanical force made fragmentation phenomenon more pronounced meanwhile quantity of fine particles increased significantly. Thermal expansion and fragmentation characteristics of lignite had negative correlation, the higher the raw coal moisture content, the stronger the thermal expansion property, more prone to breakage and pulverization.",2
"Based on the extraction and stripping method and inbuilt model of coal structure, all group components of Huaibei Tongting coal, Xuzhou coal and Pingdingshan coal were extracted fractionally by solvents of n-hexane, methanol, acetone, chloroform, CS2 and THF in proper order. The extracts of all levels were analyzed by GC-MS.The results show that dissolution behavior of organohalogen compounds in the extracts mainly appear in the process of chloroform extraction. Dissolved matter mainly includes chloro-substituted aliphatic compounds, chloro(bromo)-substituted aromatic compounds and chloro-substituted heterocyclic compounds, their relative molecular mass is in the range of 94 to 250. The chloro-substituted heterocyclic compounds with smaller pores embedded and network embedded states occurrence are mainly distri-buted in the dense medium and loose medium components; the chloro(bromo)-substituted aromatic compounds with smaller pores embedded state are mainly distributed in the heavy component; the chloro-substituted aliphatic compounds in three different occurrence states are distributed in all group components.",1
"Alkali-acid deashing treatment on Ordos coal at different temperatures is carried out, and the changes of the structure before and after demineralization of coal are compared by elemental analysis, FTIR, TG and SEM. After alkali-acid treatment, the water content and ash content of coal reduce greatly, and the ash content reduce to 0.84% at high temperature (240 ℃). The treatment reduces the oxygen content and meanwhile enhance the carbon content and calorific value of coal. Room temperature alkali-acid treatment could accelerate coal pyrolysis, making the particle size of coal more evenly. High temperature alkali-acid treatment reduces the volatile matter of coal, slows the thermo-gravimetric curve, and promotes polymerization reaction between small molecules, increases the compactness of the coal, therefore the coal surface is rough. It indicates that alkali-acid treatment plays a good role in upgrading coal, and the effect is more remarkable at high temperature.",1
"Based on Gieseler fluidity test of coal as a starting point to research the fluidity property of coal, weighted average fluidity lgFwa and maximum fluidity lgFm are put forward respectively to represent the average and the best quality of gel in the whole stages , and the soft-solid temperature range Tr-Ts is proposed as a parameter to reflect the amount of gel. Beside, a model of comprehensively evaluating the property of gel is proposed by factor analysis, as a result, a new fluidity index F is reported. The relationships between index F and the properties of coal have better regularity than that of lgFm. Index F is verified to be a comprehensive reflection of the fluidity property for coal.",1
"In order to understand the sulfur transformation characteristic of Fuan coal pyrolysis in the poly-generation process of circulating fluidized combustion combined with coal pyrolysis, the effect of temperature, heating rate and solid heat carrier on sulfur distribution in products were investigated in a fixed bed reactor with solid heat carrier. The ash and gasification char show a significant action on sulfur retention, about 40% sulfur in coal is transferred into solid heat carrier at 650 ℃. The difference of mineral matter forms in ash and char cause higher sulfur retention in char, but the difference decreases with the increase of pyrolysis temperature. Compared to temperature programmed, higher temperature avails to reactions between Fe2O3 and CO, H2 to form FeO, so more sulfur is retained in solid heat carrier in rapid pyrolysis.",1
"This article mainly studied the pyrolysis characteristics of lignite, biomass, and the mixture of lignite and biomass through analyzing thermogravimetric, to investigate whether there is a synergistic effect between biomass and lignite co-pyrolysis process. The results showed that the temperature of initial pyrolysis and the maximal volatiles released peak was equal to the single biomass under the condition of 1∶1 proportionally-mixed of lignite and biomass, the final pyrolysis temperature brought forward in a large margin compared with lignite, and the weight loss rate of mixture pyrolysis in different stages were greater than the mean value of single biomass. In addition, the pyrolysis process of lignite, biomass and the mixture of lignite and biomass were described by first and second level reaction kinetics model, and it was found that the activation energy of different temperature ranges of mixture were less than that of the single lignite or biomass in the main process of pyrolysis by calculating the kinetic parameter, and the pyrolysis was proceed easily. It proves that biomass has auxo-action for the pyrolysis of lignite, and the synergistic effect exists in co-pyrolysis of lignite and biomass.",0
"Co-pyrolysis of waste tyre and coal was performed using thermal gravimetric analyzer, and the effects of blending ratio and heating rate on the weight loss characteristics of mixture were analyzed. The results show that the violent polycondensation reaction occurred in the pyrolysis of coal and waste tyre separately, and the DTG curves overlap at 400 ℃-480 ℃. Adding waste tyre can promote the coal pyrolysis, with the mass fraction of waste tyre increase, the peak zone of coal pyrolysis gradually moves towards the low temperature zone, and the weight loss rate continuously improves. The co-pyrolysis experiment of mixture in different heating rate show that increasing heating rate can promote the pyrolysis reaction in lower heating rate range (15 K/min-20 K/min); when the heating rate is too high (>20 K/min), it can make the volatile in the sample particles produced by pyrolysis too late to escape and appear cage effect, so as to reduce the weightlessness rate of the samples.",1
"The dominant impact factors of combustion performance of semi-coke were discussed by thermo-gravimetric analysis. The mechanism of difference in combustion performance of semi-coke was revealed by specific surface area and pore structure analyzer and scanning electron microscopy. The results demonstrate that pyrolysis environment is an important factor of the combustion performance of semi-coke. For the same coal, the combustion performance of semi-coke deteriorates with the increase of temperature and time during the pyrolysis process and can be predicted via the fuel ratio of semi-coke. But the fuel ratio can’t be used to predict the combustion performance of semi-coke from different coals. Internal moisture content of coal is the key influence factor of combustion performance of semi-coke and can be used to predict the combustion performance of semi-coke. BET specific surface area and micro surface features of semi-coke are the main cause affecting its combustion performance, and closely related to the air-dried moisture content of pyrolysis coal.",0
"In this paper, the underground gasification process of Hebi bituminous coal is simulated using UCG experimental system, and the residual char is collected after the UCG. The leaching behavior of pollutants in the residual char in underground water is investigated. The results show that the leaching solution of residual char in UCG contains organic pollutants (e.g. volatile phenol) and inorganic pollutants such as heavy metal ions of Cd, Pb, As, Cr, Cu, Ni, Zn, etc. The leaching temperature and time are the important factors to affect the pollution concentration in leaching solution of residual char. When the leaching temperature is 45 ℃ and leaching time is 8 h, the mass concentrations of volatile phenol, total organic carbon (TOC) and chemical oxygen demand (COD) in leaching solution of residual char reach 0.03 mg/L, 5.07 mg/L, 7.48 mg/L, respectively, and the concentration of heavy metal ions is ranging from 4.0 μg/L to 73.4 μg/L. The groundwater may be subjected to pollute through large-scale UCG.",0
"Taking Xinjiang Fukang Xigou coal as the research object, we investigated the mixed solvent of methanol (MET) and wash oil (WO) under alcoholysis condition, alcoholysis behavior of alcohol-alkali system and liquefied performance of alcoholysis residue, and compared the results with that of direct liquefaction of coal samples. The results showed that θ=320 ℃, t=60 min, m(solvent)∶m(coal)=10∶1, mass ratio mMET∶mWO=8∶2 was appropriate alcoholysis condition. Under this condition, alcoholysis rate was 21.8%. When alkali-coal ratio=0.8∶1, alcoholysis rates were 51.3%, 27.4% respective after adding NaOH or CaO as alcoholysis catalyst. When wash oil was used as hydrogen-donor solvent, we directly liquefied alcoholysis residue and compared with the results of the direct liquefaction of coal samples, the total liquid yield of the coal samples of direct liquefaction was 62.3%, and the total liquid yield of zero-alkali alcoholysis, CaO alcoholysis, NaOH alcoholysis were 71.0%, 72.7% and 83.2%, increased by 8.7%, 10.4% and 20.9% respectively. Meanwhile, alcoholysis products were used for FTIR and TG-DTG, SEM characterization, and the gas products from catalytic alcoholysis and direct liquefaction of coal samples were used for GC analysis.",3
"Effects of various iron-based composite catalysts on the mild liquefaction characteristics of Hongliulin coal were investigated using batch autoclave. Ultimate analysis and FTIR were used to study the elemental compositions and functional groups of preasphaltenes (PA) and asphaltenes (AS) produced with different catalysts. The results showed that under the mild liquefaction conditions (reaction tempreture 430 ℃ and initial hydrogen pressure 4.0 MPa), the catalytic activity of γ-FeOOH can be improved significantly by mixing other catalysts, and the catalytic activity of ternary composite catalysts were better than that of binary composite catalysts. Compared with γ-FeOOH, the oil yields were increased by 3.88% and 6.12% under the optimal binary and ternary catalysts. The composite catalysts could promote the hydrogenation of PA and AS simultaneously, especially the hydrogenation of AS.",1
"Zhaotong lignite was taken as study object in this paper. After pretreatment, white rot fungus Coriolus versicolor was used to liquefy and its bio-solubilized lignite was analyzed by 13C NMR subsequently. Results show that lignite without pretreatment cannot be liquefied at all, while nitric acid oxidized lignite plays strong liquefaction. Liquefaction in DOX culture is about 10 times as that in SMB culture. Besides, liquefaction in shake table is better than that in standing condition, while shaking with 120 r/min is worse than that with 60 r/min because more bloom of hypha body growth. According to 13C NMR spectrum, bio-solubilized Zhaotong lignite contains oxygen-containing functional groups such as ≡C—O—(80.7×10-6), —CH2—O—(59.0×10-6) and —COOR(179.6×10-6) et al, which attributes to oxidation reaction in bio-solubilization of Zhaotong lignite by white rot fungus Coriolus versicolor.",0
"K2CO3 and Na2CO3 were added to coking blending coal, and the tamping coke were then prepared from these blending coals. The technological properties of coking coal and thermal properties of coke were tested. The effect of potassium and sodium on the pyrolysis of coking coal were analyzed using DTG, and the influence of potassium and sodium on the properties of coke were studied using XRD and SEM. The studies showed that w(Vdaf) of the coking coal increased, but the G and Y decreased with the increase of the added amount of potassium and sodium. Weight lessness peak appeared in the DTG curve of the coking coal at 200 ℃, and the rate of pyrolysis increased between 400 ℃ and 600 ℃ because of potassium and sodium. The cold-state strength of coke reduced, the thermal properties of coke became worse, the Lc of coke decreased, the La of coke had almost not changed, the d002 of coke increased, and the graphitization degree of coke decreased with the increase of the added amount of potassium and sodium. The high levels of potassium and sodium made coke destructed by CO2 more easily, thus reducing the structural strength of coke.",1
"The inoculum was selective culture by controlling the domesticated conditions. The changes of pH, SCOD and co-F420 of sludge in the process of domestication, as well as the daily gas production and total gas production were analyzes. The results show the optimal domestication plan coenzyme for inoculum is 35 ℃ temperature, feed rate of 2 g/d, and domestication time 30 d. The maximum value of co-F420 is 0.037 3 mmol/g on the 20th day, far greater than that of the control group P0 0.011 0 mmol/g on the 19th day, which reveals that the domesticated inoculum can help anaerobic microorganisms enrichment, especially the methanogenic bacteria. This experiment can open up new ways to peat transformed into biomethane, expand additional coal resources for coal gasification.",3
"Using Taixi coal and coal-based activated carbon as carbon source, sodium silicate as silicon source and Fe(NO3)3·9H2O as catalyst, nano-silicon carbide powder was produced by sol-gel method via carbonthermal reduction way. The effect of n(Fe)∶n(Si) on the crystal phase and morphology were researched by means of XRD, SEM and BET. The results showed that, the stacking faults of SiC decreased with the increasing value of n(Fe)∶n(Si) when using Taixi coal as coal source and the morphology of SiC changed from partial whisker to nanoparticles in the meantime. On the other hand, when using coal-based activated carbon as carbon source, all the silicon carbide produced had a weaker stacking fault relatively and its size increased slightly when the value of n(Fe)∶n(Si) increased and its grain size maintained between 50 nm-100 nm.",1
"The dissolution of metal ions such as Fe, Al, Ca, Mg, K and Ti from coal gangue were investigated under two different activation ways, thermal activation and thermal activation with Na2CO3 as additive. Hydrochloric acid was used as leach media. ICP-OES was used to determine the metal ion concentration in the aqueous phase. XRD and IR were used to analyze the mineral components in the coal gangue samples before and after activation, as well as the leaching residues. The dissolution properties of the metal ions were explained according to the mineral existence form of the metals in the coal gangue. The results show that Al, Fe, Ca and Mg can be quantitatively dissolved from the coal gangue after thermal activation. Only 31% of K can be dissolved in the experimental condition, while Ti can be barely dissolved. Thermal activation with Na2CO3 as additive can promote Al dissolution, the impurity metals ions like K, Ti and Na were largely dissolved into the leach liquor at the same time, which brings difficulty to prepare high-purity of aluminum products. The dissolution characteristics were specially investigated for the thermal activated coal gangue. By pre-leaching the activated coal gangue sample in 6 mol/L hydrochloric acid for less than 5 min can remove most of the impurity metal ions, by pre-leaching the activated coal gangue sample in ≤1 mol/L hydrochloric acid first can remove Ca and Mg, then in ≥8 mol/L hydrochloric acid can removal Fe.",2
"Dibenzyl sulfide (DBS) and dibenzyl disulfide (DBDS) were selected as the model sulfur-containing organic compounds, and diphenylmethane (DPM) methylene was employed as the active hydrogen source, the effects of reaction temperature on the breaking of Calkyl—S bound in DBS and Calkyl—S and S—S bonds in DBDS and on the heat transfer of sulfur were investigated. The results show that the Calkyl—S bond in DBS doesn’t break below 200 ℃, whereas it can effectively break above 225 ℃. For the model compound DBDS, Calkyl—S and S—S bonds can effectivley break at 200 ℃. The reaction mechanism is considered as radical reaction, the heat transfer paths of sulfur in two kinds of compounds are very similar. The main heat breaking products are toluene (PhMe), diphenylethene (DPE), diphenylethane (DPEA) and triphenylethene (TPE), and there are very little amount of other orgnic sulfur-containing compounds. This work indicates that the Calkyl—S bond in DBS and Calkyl—S and S—S bonds in DBDS can effectively break under relatively mild conditions, the thermally breaking sulfur can mainly move out in the form of H2S and another little amount of sulfur is transferred to other sulfur-containing orgnic compounds.",1
"The adsorption mechanism of lignite surface oxygen containing functional groups adsorbing water molecules was studied using the quantum chemistry density functional theory (DFT). The results show that the hydrogen bonding interaction is the main force. Two hydrogen bonds are formed when water molecule adsorbed on the carboxyl group with the shortest hydrogen bond of 0.173 3 nm. When water molecules adsorbed on the phenol hydroxyl and alcoholic hydroxyl, optimal adsorption configuration is that oxygen containing functional groups act as the hydrogen bond donor and water molecules as the hydrogen bond acceptor, and the hydrogen bonds length are 0.187 6 nm and 0.192 7 nm respectively. When water molecules adsorbed on the carbonyl and ether linkage, the hydrogen bonds are formed with length of 0.196 1 nm and 0.206 0 nm respectively. Mulliken Population analysis show that the oxygen atoms in oxygen containing functional groups acquire electrons, the O—H, C=O and C—O bond are impaired, and the bond length are elongated. The calculation results of adsorption energy agree with the change rule of adsorption equilibrium distance. The order of adsorption strength from large to small for water molecule adsorbed on the oxygen containing functional groups is carboxyl, phenol hydroxyl, alcohol hydroxyl, carbonyl, ether linkage. The result of water molecule adsorbed on phenol hydroxyl in line with the theory of Lennard-Jones, the stable adsorption equilibrium is achieved at a distance of about 0.188 5 nm and the adsorption energy is -45.63 kJ/mol.",0
"High temperature heat treatment for Zhaotong anthracite were conducted under 1 400 ℃, 1 700 ℃, 2 000 ℃, 2 200 ℃, 2 400 ℃ and 2 600 ℃ respectively, and then examined by CA, XRD and SEM methods. The results showed that the moistures, ashes and volatiles content matter of Yunnan anthracite phase transited and lossed with the increment of the heat treatment temperature, and the higher the heat treatment temperature was, the more rapid and thorough the three phase transformation was. Besides, ultra-high temperature heat treatment could make the anthracite transform into graphite anthracite, the fixed carbon would transform from amorphous to crystalline phase, and the higher the heat treatment temperature was, the higher the regularity degree of the internal carbon atoms was, the aromatic layer structure gradually developed perfectly, and thus the higher of the graphitization degree was.",1
"Based on the theory of coal structure chemistry, the carbon composition differences between deformed coal and its demineralized sample were comparatively studied with solid state 13C-NMR analysis. The results show that the impact of mixed acid treatment demineralization on the allocation proportion of aromatic carbons, aliphatic carbons and O-containing functional groups is insignificant, but has some impact on the carbon composition. After demineralization structure ratio increasing obviously included fat methyl carbon, methoxyl/aromatic methoxyl carbon and bridge aromatic carbon, structural damage is obvious; structure reducing significantly includes methylene/methyne carbon, aliphatic carbon bonded to oxygen in cyclic hydrocarbon, alkylated aromatic and protonated aromatic carbon. The important impact of demineralization by mixed acid treatment on deformed coal structure has some changes of aromatic fused ring structure, aromatic cluster size increases in the demineralization samples.",0
"The purpose of this paper was to test the pyrolysis charecteristics of Shenmu bituminous coal and Baorixile lignite at super-high temperature by means of thermogravimetric analysis and different scanning calorimeter. The pyrolysis and gasification of the bituminous coal in CO2 atmosphere was also included in this paper. The study shows that the weight loss rate still remains significant between 1 000 ℃ and 1 600 ℃, in which 4.49% of the lignite and 6.21% of the bituminous coal by weight volatilized. A significant weight loss peak of the lignite between 1 200 ℃ and 1 500 ℃ was observed. At the range of 200 ℃ to 949 ℃ and 969 ℃, the pyrolysis of bituminous coal and lignite are exothermic respectively. Apart from this, the pyrolysis process was mainly endothermic. The maximum net heat released during the pyrolysis of the bituminous coal and lignite was 728 mJ/mg and 1 776 mJ/mg respectively. Below 800 ℃, the pyrolysis in CO2 atmosphere has a strong resemblance to that in N2 atmosphere and the weight losses were also barely different at 800 ℃. But in CO2 atmosphere it is barely exothermic below 800 ℃ and became 3-order reaction in contrast to 1-order and 2-order reaction in N2 atmosphere.",0
"Effects of impregnation of metallic oxides on lignite char gasification were studied using the thermogravimetric analyzer. The characteristics and kinetics of gasification reaction were analyzed. The experimental results show that the temperature and metallic oxides loading are important factors to influence the reaction rate and activation energy during steam gasification of char. As the gasification temperature increasing, the gasification reaction rate increases. Fe-Zn complex oxides catalyzed the gasification reaction of char, and the apparent activation energy of the reaction is reduced to 166.89 kJ/mol under the present experimental conditions.",0
"The gasification reaction tests of 4 different particle sizes of semi-coke and coke were performed in CO2 atmosphere using a STA449F3 simultaneous thermal analyzer at 50 ℃-1 500 ℃. The results show that particle size does not affect the reactivity of semi-coke and coke much. The gasification reaction temperature of semi-coke and coke will be lower as the particle size decreasing, and the gasification reaction goes on easier. But the particle size variation has almost no effect on the volatile releasing temperature and initial reaction temperature of semi-coke. The weight loss of semi-coke is mainly caused by both the precipitation of volatiles and the gasification of fixed carbon, while the coke weight loss is only caused by the fixed carbon gasification. The maximum gasification rate of semi-coke speeds up with the decreasing of particle size, and for the coke the trend is reverse.",1
"Biomass and lignite mixed chars were impregnated with Fe(NO3)3 to get the activated char desulfurization sorbent using co-gasification method. The characteristics of desulfurization sorbent have been investigated by using a fixed bed experimental apparatus. The specific surface area and crystal structure of the sorbents were characterized by BET and XRD before and after desulfurization. The results showed that biomass and lignite co-gasification char supported Fe3O4 has a good desulfurization activity, and the sorbent supported 10% Fe can be reached to the highest desulfurization efficiency and sulfur capacity (764.1 mg/g) in the presence of O2 and H2O. In the process of SO2 adsorption, oxygen was the first chemical adsorbed on the char’s surface, forming C(O) complex which were used as active sites. Metal oxide promoted oxygen chemical adsorption on the char surface to form more active sites which made the oxidation of SO2 to SO3, the generation of sulfuric acid and a small amount of the metal sulfate (Fe2(SO4)3) stored in the char microspore structure in the presence of water vapor.",0
"Based on DFT method, the purpose of this study is to investigate the reaction mechanism during the CO methanation on the Ni(111) surface with sulfur coverage of 0.22. The equilibrium geometries of reactants and all possible intermediates are represented, and the possible elementary reactions from HCO species are listed. Compared with clean Ni(111) surface, the adsorption energy of CO on sulfide surface decreased 0.3 eV, such as CH2, CH3 and HCO, the adsorption energy of these important intermediates decreased respectively 0.11 eV, 0.24 eV and 0.23 eV.By analyzing the energy barriers of six reaction paths on the Ni(111) surface with sulfur coverage of 0.22 mL, it is concluded that the favorable reaction path of CO methanationis: CO+4H→HCO+3H→CH2O+2H→CH3O+H→CH3+H→CH4. However, on clean Ni(111) surface the HCO species tend to be hydrogenated by forming CHOH, this change of methanation route is due to the effect of sulfur.",1
"The moisture distribution of CWS was analyzed by TG-DSC before and after polyaluminium chloride (PAC) adjustment, the effects of PAC dosage on the dewatering performance of coal-water slurry and the feasibility of cross-flow filtration were conducted, PAC adjustment mechanism was discussed according with several indexes such as dewatering rate, Zeta potential, particles potential, size, dynamic stability and slurry viscosity. The filtration performance of tabby polypropylene fabric and geotextile were compared with the membrane flux and pressure change. The results revealed that PAC can significantly increase the dewatering rate of coal water slurry; 0.01% (mass fraction) PAC can meet the requirements of dynamic stability, viscosity and dewatering rate for long-distance pipeline transport and finally gasification device. The cross-flow filtration device can quickly improve the concentration of CWS from 52% to 65%, and the effect of plain polypropylene fabric’s filtration rate and turbidity were better than that of geotextile.",1
"Vector network analyzer was used to investigate the dielectric property of the coal and model compound. The method of XPS was used to investigate the relative amount of thiols/thioethers in coal before and after microwaves radiation.The results showed that 0.5 GHz to 2 GHz microwave frequency could be obtain the best operation parameters of removing the thiols/thioethers organic sulfur, and removal efficiency of thiols/thioethers from coal by microwave irradiation at the frequency of 0.84 GHz and 0.915 GHz is better than that at the frequency of 2.45 GHz.",1
"The isothermal continuous thermal reaction was investigated by mixing with top charging coke and tamping coke. The results showed that tamping coke should be reacted prior to top charging coke by the mixed mass ratio of 3∶1, 2∶1 and 1∶1, the CRI decreased and the CSR improved obviously for top charging coke. With the increase of the mixing ratio of tamping coke, the overall CRI of mixing coke increased and the CSR decreased, while the CRI decreased and the CSR increased for top charging coke, CRI increased and CSR decreased for tamping coke. The actual values of CSR and CRI of mixed cokes were in close agreement with the calculated values in different mixed ratio. So that using the mixed cokes would make high quality coke get protection, and enhance the skeleton function of overall coke.",1
"The characteristics of N2O were studied in the furnace vertical device under different atmospheres (O2/N2 and O2/CO2 atmosphere), different mass ratio of quartz sand and different volume fraction of oxygen. The result shows that the atmospheres have no effect on the N2O yield, with the temperature increasing, the N2O yield decrease significantly (the maximum drop is about 1.96%); after the mass ratio of quartz sand changing, the N2O yield is influenced obviously, when the mass ratio of quartz sand is 50%, the N2O yield at 1 300 ℃ increase about 2.5% compared with adding no quartz sand; under the condition of low oxygen volume fraction (20%), N2O yield is affected by the oxygen volume fraction, but under the condition of high oxygen volume fraction (40%), it is affected by the number of coke particles.",2
"As to the coal with different amount of volatile, the combusting characteristics was studied and the dynamic characteristics was analysed with addition of different amount of se-condary waste which was generated from calcium carbide production process in dectric arc furnace. The results showed that for Wangzuo coal and Shizuishan coal and their mixture (mixture coal), the suitable mass fraction of the secondary waste added was 4%, 8% and 6% respectively which can lead to the best promoting effect according to the study on coal combusting characteristics. When adding the same amount of secondary waste, the higher of the amount of volatile, the more notable promoting effect in combusting process. When secondary waste increased, the combusting temperature range of coal became narrow. The results from dynamic characteristic analysis was in accordance with that of combustion characteristic analysis, which can lay a foundation for the efficient utilization of secondary waste.",1
"In this study, low-temperature coal tar was eluted respectively with petroleum ether, toluene and anhydrous methanol by the method of preparative liquid chromatograph for enrichment of nitrogen containing compounds, and GC-MS and XPS were used to analyze the elution solution and residual substances. The results show that the substances separated by mixed chromatographic column packing of silica gel and silicic acid (mass ratio 3∶1) contained four kinds of pyridine compounds, accounting for 1.59% (mass fraction, similarly hereinafter); six kinds of aniline compounds, accounting for 4.18%; seven kinds of quinoline compounds, accounting for 6.91%; 0.97% of indole compounds, 0.56% of carbazole compounds and 0.26% of nitrile compound. Low-temperature coal tar nitrogen compounds were mainly alkaline nitrogen-containing compounds, non-basic nitrogen compounds were very low.",1
"Ni/ZnO-Al2O3 catalyst was prepared by isoehoric impregnation. The optimal desulfurization catalyst was selected to remove sulfur compounds from phenol oil in the fixed-bed unit and the optimal technological condition of desulfurization and undephenolization was investigated. The results showed that the smaller of the particle size of ZnO, the desulfurization activity of the prepared desulfurization catalyst is higher. The higher reaction temperature and the smaller LHSV can improve the better desulfurization activity of Ni/ZnO-Al2O3. The optimal operating conditions in desulfurization and undepheno-lization of phenol oil by using Ni/ZnO-Al2O3 as desulfurizer included atmospheric pressure, the reaction temperature of 320 ℃-340 ℃, the LHSV of 0.2 h-1, under which the desulfurization rate would be 99.1% and the catalyst would be stable operation of more than 200 h. The Ni/ZnO-Al2O3 catalyst can realize desulphur and undepheno-lize from phenol oil under hydrogen at atmospheric conditions, which not only solved the technological difficulty, but also greatly saves the production cost.",3
"By simple carbonization processes and graphitized, the carbon foams were prepared from the loose medium component which was separated from raw coal by the method of all-components group separation. Structure characteristics, thermal reactivity of materials and properties of products were analyzed by thermogravimetric analyzer (TGA), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), scanning electron microscopy (SEM), transmission electron microscope (TEM) and mercury porosimeter, and so on. The results show that the loose medium component foam during the process of separation and form the micronano foam pore structure. The loose medium component, which has not only the intermediate molecular weight, a very low ash content but also good cohesiveness can be qualified to be an excellent carbon foams precursor. The spherical pores and ultrathin walls of the pores themselves constitute the three dimensional structure of carbon foams which was prepared by moulding and carbonization. The distribution of the pores is intensive and consecutive. The maximum porosity of carbon foams can attain 81.32%. The hydrogen bonding interaction is the main force in the loose medium component and it’s the major cause for the loose and bubble structure of loose medium component which was extracted through extraction and stripping process. The micronano foam pore structure itself hold the pyrolysis gases during the process of carbonization and prompt the increase of thepores to form the foam pore structure for carbon foams that we needed.",1
"The relationship of the combustion characteristic between mixed coal and a single coal based on Xuzhou Pengcheng power plant phase Ⅲ project ultra super critical, condensing steam turbine (2×1 000 MW unit) was studied. The Jinzhong coal was used as the design coal and the Xuzhou mixed coal was used as the check coal. Four different kinds coal samples was mixed by different mass fraction, and the combustion characteristic of each coal was analysed and compared used thermogravimetric experiment. Especially, the effect of the change of mass fraction of the hard burnig coal on mixed coal characteristics was tested. The weighted average method, linear programming method and fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method was used to optimize the coal blending respectively. The optimum coal blending ratio was obtained in Pengcheng power plant by these methods. The actual operation results was compared to verify the reliability and applicability of the model. It was showed that the mass ratio obtained by the linear programming method could cut down the cost of coal blending about million yuan for the power plant.",1
